#summary Index of documented functions and variables
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=Index of Functions and Variables=
This page has an alphabetical index of all the documented functions and variables
in clojure.contrib. 

In a narrow browser window, you may want to collapse the sidebar (use the "<<" link) 
to get more screen space for the index.

Shortcuts:

     [#A A]     [#B B]     [#C C]     [#D D]     [#E E]     [#F F]     [#G G]     [#H H]     [#I I]     [#J J]     [#K K]     [#L L]     [#M M]

     [#N N]     [#O O]     [#P P]     [#Q Q]     [#R R]     [#S S]     [#T T]     [#U U]     [#V V]     [#W W]     [#X X]     [#Y Y]     [#Z Z]

     [#Other Other]

==A==
<pre>
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#add add]                           multimethod  accumulators       Add item to the accumulator acc. The exact meaning...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#add-items add-items]                     function     accumulators       Add all elements of a collection coll to the accum...
[AutoAgentApiDoc#auto-agent auto-agent]                    macro        auto-agent         Creates an agent whose value is the result of eval...
[DataflowApiDoc#add-cell-watcher add-cell-watcher]              function     dataflow           Adds a watcher to a cell to respond to changes of ...
[DataflowApiDoc#add-cells add-cells]                     function     dataflow           Given a collection of cells, add them to the dataf...
[DatalogApiDoc#add-index add-index]                     function     datalog.database   Adds an index to an empty relation named name.
[DatalogApiDoc#add-relation add-relation]                  function     datalog.database   Adds a relation to the database.
[DatalogApiDoc#add-tuple add-tuple]                     function     datalog.database   Two forms:  `[`db relation-name tuple`]` adds tuple...
[DatalogApiDoc#add-tuples add-tuples]                    function     datalog.database   Adds a collection of tuples to the db, as (add-...
[DatalogApiDoc#any-match? any-match?]                    function     datalog.database   Finds if there are any matching records for the pa...
[DatalogApiDoc#adorned-literal adorned-literal]               multimethod  datalog.literals   When passed a set of bound columns, returns the ad...
[DatalogApiDoc#adorn-query adorn-query]                   function     datalog.magic      Adorn a query.
[DatalogApiDoc#adorn-rules-set adorn-rules-set]               function     datalog.magic      Adorns the given rules-set for the given query.  (...
[DatalogApiDoc#all-predicates all-predicates]                function     datalog.rules      Given a rules-set, return all defined predicates.
[DatalogApiDoc#apply-rule apply-rule]                    function     datalog.rules      Apply the rule against db-1, adding the results to...
[GenericApiDoc#assoc assoc]                         multimethod  generic.collection Returns a new collection in which the values corre...
[GenericApiDoc#approx= approx=]                       function     generic.math-functions Return true if the absolute value of the diffe...
[GraphApiDoc#add-loops add-loops]                     function     graph              For each node n, add the edge n->n if not already ...
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#all-greatest all-greatest]                  function     greatest-least     Returns all the greatest elements..
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#all-greatest-by all-greatest-by]               function     greatest-least     Return all the elements for which f yields the gre...
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#all-least all-least]                     function     greatest-least     Returns all the least elements..
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#all-least-by all-least-by]                  function     greatest-least     Return all the elements for which f yields the lea...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#as-file as-file]                       multimethod  java-utils         Interpret a String or a java.io.File as a File. Bu...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#as-properties as-properties]                 function     java-utils         Convert any seq of pairs to a java.utils.Propertie...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#as-str as-str]                        function     java-utils         Returns the name or string representation of x.
[JavalogApiDoc#add-log-file add-log-file]                  function     javalog            Attaches a log file, using SimpleFormatter, with t...
[MathApiDoc#abs abs]                           function     math               (abs n) is the absolute value of n.
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#add-break-thread! add-break-thread!]             function     repl-utils         Add the given thread to break-threads so that it w...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#add-local-javadoc add-local-javadoc]             function     repl-utils         Adds to the list of local Javadoc paths..
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#add-remote-javadoc add-remote-javadoc]            function     repl-utils         Adds to the list of remote Javadoc URLs.  package-...
[TemplateApiDoc#apply-template apply-template]                function     template           Replaces `_`1, `_`2, `_`3, etc. in expr with correspondi...
[TestIsApiDoc#are are]                           macro        test-is            Checks multiple assertions with a template express...
[TestIsApiDoc#assert-any assert-any]                    function     test-is            Returns generic assertion code for any test, inclu...
[TestIsApiDoc#assert-predicate assert-predicate]              function     test-is            Returns generic assertion code for any functional ...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#ancestors ancestors]                     function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of all ancestors of locati...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#attr attr]                          function     zip-filter.xml     Returns the xml attribute named attrname, of the x...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#attr= attr=]                         function     zip-filter.xml     Returns a query predicate that matches a node when...
</pre>
==B==
<pre>
[DataflowApiDoc#build-dataflow build-dataflow]                function     dataflow           Given a collection of cells, build and return a da...
[DataflowApiDoc#build-source-cell build-source-cell]             function     dataflow           Builds a source cell.
[DataflowApiDoc#build-standard-cell build-standard-cell]           function     dataflow           Builds a standard cell.
[DataflowApiDoc#build-validator-cell build-validator-cell]          function     dataflow           Builds a validator cell.
[DatalogApiDoc#build-work-plan build-work-plan]               function     datalog            Given a list of rules and a query, build a work pl...
[DatalogApiDoc#build-atom build-atom]                    function     datalog.literals   Returns an unevaluated expression (to be used in a...
[DatalogApiDoc#build-literal build-literal]                 multimethod  datalog.literals   (Returns an unevaluated expression (to be used in ...
[DatalogApiDoc#build-seed-bindings build-seed-bindings]           function     datalog.literals   Given a seed literal, already adorned and in magic...
[DatalogApiDoc#build-partial-tuple build-partial-tuple]           function     datalog.magic      Given a query and a set of bindings, build a parti...
[DatalogApiDoc#build-soft-strat-work-plan build-soft-strat-work-plan]    function     datalog.softstrat  Return a work plan for the given rules-set and que...
[ErrorKitApiDoc#bind-continue bind-continue]                 function     error-kit          Special form to be used inside a 'with-handler'. ...
[MmapApiDoc#buffer-stream buffer-stream]                 function     mmap               Returns an InputStream for a ByteBuffer, such as r...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#break-threads break-threads]                 var          repl-utils         Threads to stop when Ctrl-C is pressed.  See 'add-...
</pre>
==C==
<pre>
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#combine combine]                       multimethod  accumulators       Combine the values of the accumulators acc1 and ac...
[AgentUtilsApiDoc#capture-and-send capture-and-send]              macro        agent-utils        Capture the current value of the specified vars an...
[ClasspathApiDoc#classpath classpath]                     function     classpath          Returns a sequence of File objects of the elements...
[ClasspathApiDoc#classpath-directories classpath-directories]         function     classpath          Returns a sequence of File objects for the directo...
[ClasspathApiDoc#classpath-jarfiles classpath-jarfiles]            function     classpath          Returns a sequence of JarFile objects for the JAR ...
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#cartesian-product cartesian-product]             function     combinatorics      All the ways to take one item from each sequence.
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#combinations combinations]                  function     combinatorics      All the unique ways of taking n different elements...
[CondApiDoc#cond-let cond-let]                      macro        cond               Takes a binding-form and a set of test/expr pairs....
[DataflowApiDoc#cell cell]                          macro        dataflow           Build a standard cell, like this:  (cell fred ...
[DatalogApiDoc#compute-sip compute-sip]                   function     datalog.rules      Given a set of bound column names, return an adorn...
[FcaseApiDoc#case case]                          macro        fcase              Like cond, but test-value is compared against the ...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#clojure-source-file? clojure-source-file?]          function     find-namespaces    Returns true if file is a normal file with a .clj ...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#clojure-sources-in-jar clojure-sources-in-jar]        function     find-namespaces    Returns a sequence of filenames ending in .clj fou...
[GraphApiDoc#component-graph component-graph]               function     graph              Given a graph, perhaps with cycles, return a reduc...
[MacrosApiDoc#const const]                         macro        macros             Evaluate the constant expression expr at compile t...
[MathApiDoc#ceil ceil]                          multimethod  math               (ceil n) returns the least integer greater than or...
[MiglayoutApiDoc#component? component?]                    function     miglayout.internal Returns true if x is a java.awt.Component.
[MiglayoutApiDoc#constraint? constraint?]                   function     miglayout.internal Returns true if x is not a keyword-item or compone...
[MonadsApiDoc#call-cc call-cc]                       function     monads             A computation in the cont monad that calls functio...
[MonadsApiDoc#cont-m cont-m]                        var          monads             Monad describing computations in continuation-pass...
[PprintApiDoc#cl-format cl-format]                     function     pprint             An implementation of a Common Lisp compatible form...
[PprintApiDoc#compile-format compile-format]                function     pprint             Compiles format-str into a compiled format which c...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#certainly certainly]                     function     probabilities.finite-distributions Returns a distribution in which th...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#choose choose]                        function     probabilities.finite-distributions Construct a distribution from an e...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#cond-dist-m cond-dist-m]                   var          probabilities.finite-distributions Variant of the dist monad that can...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#cond-prob cond-prob]                     function     probabilities.finite-distributions Returns the conditional probabilit...
[ServerSocketApiDoc#create-repl-server create-repl-server]            function     server-socket      create a repl on a socket.
[ServerSocketApiDoc#create-server create-server]                 function     server-socket      Creates a server socket on port. Upon accept, a ne...
[SqlApiDoc#connection connection]                    function     sql                Returns the current database connection (or throws...
[SqlApiDoc#create-table create-table]                  function     sql                Creates a table on the open database connection gi...
[SqlApiDoc#connection* connection*]                   function     sql.internal       Returns the current database connection (or throws...
[SqlApiDoc#create-fruit create-fruit]                  function     sql.test           Create a table.
[StrUtilsApiDoc#chomp chomp]                         function     str-utils          Removes all trailing newline \n or return \r chara...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#chop chop]                          function     str-utils          Removes the last character of string..
[TestIsApiDoc#compose-fixtures compose-fixtures]              function     test-is            Composes two fixture functions, creating a new fix...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#children children]                      function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of all immediate children ...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#children-auto children-auto]                 function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of all immediate children ...
</pre>
==D==
<pre>
[DataflowApiDoc#display-cell display-cell]                  multimethod  dataflow           A 'readable' form of the cell.
[DatalogApiDoc#database-counts database-counts]               function     datalog.database   Returns a map with the count of elements in each r...
[DatalogApiDoc#database-merge database-merge]                function     datalog.database   Merges databases together.
[DatalogApiDoc#database-merge-parallel database-merge-parallel]       function     datalog.database   Merges databases together in parallel.
[DatalogApiDoc#datalog-relation datalog-relation]              function     datalog.database   Creates a relation.
[DatalogApiDoc#delta-literal delta-literal]                 function     datalog.literals   Given a literal l, return a delta version.
[DatalogApiDoc#display-literal display-literal]               multimethod  datalog.literals   Converts a struct representing a literal to a norm...
[DatalogApiDoc#display-query display-query]                 function     datalog.rules      Return a query in a readable format..
[DatalogApiDoc#display-rule display-rule]                  function     datalog.rules      Return the rule in a readable format..
[DefApiDoc#defalias defalias]                      macro        def                Defines an alias for a var: a new var with the sam...
[DefApiDoc#defhinted defhinted]                     macro        def                Defines a var with a type hint matching the class ...
[DefApiDoc#defmacro- defmacro-]                     macro        def                Same as defmacro but yields a private definition.
[DefApiDoc#defonce- defonce-]                      macro        def                Same as defonce but yields a private definition.
[DefApiDoc#defstruct- defstruct-]                    macro        def                Same as defstruct but yields a private definition.
[DefApiDoc#defunbound defunbound]                    macro        def                Defines an unbound var with optional doc string.
[DefApiDoc#defunbound- defunbound-]                   macro        def                Same as defunbound but yields a private definition.
[DefApiDoc#defvar defvar]                        macro        def                Defines a var with an optional intializer and doc ...
[DefApiDoc#defvar- defvar-]                       macro        def                Same as defvar but yields a private definition.
[ErrorKitApiDoc#deferror deferror]                      macro        error-kit          Define a new error type.
[ErrorKitApiDoc#do-not-handle do-not-handle]                 macro        error-kit          Use in a tail position of a 'handle' form to indic...
[GenericApiDoc#dissoc dissoc]                        multimethod  generic.collection Returns a new collection in which the entries corr...
[GraphApiDoc#dependency-list dependency-list]               function     graph              Similar to a topological sort, this returns a vect...
[MapUtilsApiDoc#deep-merge-with deep-merge-with]               function     map-utils          Like merge-with, but merges maps recursively, appl...
[MonadsApiDoc#defmonad defmonad]                      macro        monads             Define a named monad by defining the monad operati...
[MonadsApiDoc#defmonadfn defmonadfn]                    macro        monads             Like defn, but for functions that use monad operat...
[MonadsApiDoc#domonad domonad]                       macro        monads             Monad comprehension. Takes the name of a monad, a ...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#dir dir]                           macro        ns-utils           Prints a sorted directory of public vars in a name...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#docs docs]                          macro        ns-utils           Prints documentation for the public vars in a name...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#dist-m dist-m]                        var          probabilities.finite-distributions Monad describing computations on f...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#discrete discrete]                      function     probabilities.monte-carlo A discrete distribution, defined by a map d...
[SqlApiDoc#delete-rows delete-rows]                   function     sql                Deletes rows from a table. where-params is a vecto...
[SqlApiDoc#do-commands do-commands]                   function     sql                Executes SQL commands on the open database connect...
[SqlApiDoc#do-prepared do-prepared]                   function     sql                Executes an (optionally parameterized) SQL prepare...
[SqlApiDoc#drop-table drop-table]                    function     sql                Drops a table on the open database connection give...
[SqlApiDoc#db-batchupdate-exception db-batchupdate-exception]      function     sql.test           Demonstrate a batch update exception.
[SqlApiDoc#db-exception db-exception]                  function     sql.test           Demonstrate rolling back a partially completed tra...
[SqlApiDoc#db-get-tables db-get-tables]                 function     sql.test           Demonstrate getting table info.
[SqlApiDoc#db-grade-a db-grade-a]                    function     sql.test           Print rows describing all grade a fruit (grade bet...
[SqlApiDoc#db-grade-range db-grade-range]                function     sql.test           Print rows describing fruit that are within a grad...
[SqlApiDoc#db-read db-read]                       function     sql.test           Read the entire fruit table.
[SqlApiDoc#db-read-all db-read-all]                   function     sql.test           Return all the rows of the fruit table as a vector.
[SqlApiDoc#db-rollback db-rollback]                   function     sql.test           Demonstrate a rollback-only trasaction.
[SqlApiDoc#db-sql-exception db-sql-exception]              function     sql.test           Demonstrate an sql exception.
[SqlApiDoc#db-update db-update]                     function     sql.test           Update two fruits as a transaction.
[SqlApiDoc#db-update-appearance-cost db-update-appearance-cost]     function     sql.test           Update the appearance and cost of the named fruit.
[SqlApiDoc#db-update-or-insert db-update-or-insert]           function     sql.test           Updates or inserts a fruit.
[SqlApiDoc#db-write db-write]                      function     sql.test           Write initial values to the database as a transact...
[SqlApiDoc#drop-fruit drop-fruit]                    function     sql.test           Drop a table.
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#defst defst]                         macro        stream-utils       Define the stream transformer name by body. The...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#defstream defstream]                     macro        stream-utils       Define object of the given type as a stream whose ...
[TemplateApiDoc#do-template do-template]                   macro        template           Repeatedly evaluates template expr (in a do block)...
[TestIsApiDoc#deftest deftest]                       macro        test-is            Defines a test function with no arguments.  Test f...
[TestIsApiDoc#deftest- deftest-]                      macro        test-is            Like deftest but creates a private var..
[TraceApiDoc#deftrace deftrace]                      macro        trace              Use in place of defn; traces each call/return of t...
[TypesApiDoc#defadt defadt]                        macro        types              Define an algebraic data type name by an exhaustiv...
[TypesApiDoc#deftype deftype]                       macro        types              Define a data type by a type tag (a namespace-qual...
[TypesApiDoc#deftype- deftype-]                      macro        types              Same as deftype but the constructor is private..
[ZipFilterApiDoc#descendants descendants]                   function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of all descendants of loca...
</pre>
==E==
<pre>
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-counter empty-counter]                 var          accumulators       An empty counter accumulator. Its value is a map t...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-counter-with-total empty-counter-with-total]      var          accumulators       An empty counter-with-total accumulator. It works ...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-list empty-list]                    var          accumulators       An empty list accumulator. Adding an item appends ...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-map empty-map]                     var          accumulators       An empty map accumulator. Items to be added must b...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-maximum empty-maximum]                 var          accumulators       An empty maximum accumulator. Only numbers can be ...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-mean-variance empty-mean-variance]           var          accumulators       An empty mean-variance accumulator, combining samp...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-min-max empty-min-max]                 var          accumulators       An empty min-max accumulator, combining minimum an...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-minimum empty-minimum]                 var          accumulators       An empty minimum accumulator. Only numbers can be ...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-product empty-product]                 var          accumulators       An empty sum accumulator. Only numbers can be adde...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-queue empty-queue]                   var          accumulators       An empty queue accumulator. Adding an item appends...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-set empty-set]                     var          accumulators       An empty set accumulator..
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-string empty-string]                  var          accumulators       An empty string accumulator. Adding an item (strin...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-sum empty-sum]                     var          accumulators       An empty sum accumulator. Only numbers can be adde...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-tuple empty-tuple]                   function     accumulators       Returns an accumulator tuple with the supplied emp...
[AccumulatorsApiDoc#empty-vector empty-vector]                  var          accumulators       An empty vector accumulator. Adding an item append...
[DataflowApiDoc#eval-cell eval-cell]                     multimethod  dataflow           Evaluate a dataflow cell.  Return `[`changed, old va...
[DatalogApiDoc#ensure-relation ensure-relation]               function     datalog.database   If the database lacks the named relation, add it.
[ErrorKitApiDoc#error error]                         function     error-kit          Base type for all error-kit errors.
[GenericApiDoc#empty empty]                         multimethod  generic.collection Returns an empty collection of the same kind as th...
[LazyXmlApiDoc#emit emit]                          function     lazy-xml           Prints an <?xml?> declaration line, and then calls...
[LazyXmlApiDoc#emit-element emit-element]                  function     lazy-xml           Recursively prints as XML text the element struct ...
[MathApiDoc#exact-integer-sqrt exact-integer-sqrt]            function     math               (exact-integer-sqrt n) expects a non-negative inte...
[MathApiDoc#expt expt]                          multimethod  math               (expt base pow) is base to the pow power. Returns ...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#exponential exponential]                   function     probabilities.monte-carlo Transform a sequence of uniform random numb...
[StacktraceApiDoc#e e]                             function     stacktrace         REPL utility.  Prints a brief stack trace for the ...
</pre>
==F==
<pre>
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#file-str file-str]                      function     duck-streams       Concatenates args as strings and returns a java.io...
[FcaseApiDoc#fcase fcase]                         macro        fcase              Generic switch/case macro.  'fcase' is short for '...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-clojure-sources-in-dir find-clojure-sources-in-dir]   function     find-namespaces    Searches recursively under dir for Clojure source ...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-namespaces-in-dir find-namespaces-in-dir]        function     find-namespaces    Searches dir recursively for (ns ...) declarations...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-namespaces-in-jarfile find-namespaces-in-jarfile]    function     find-namespaces    Searches the JAR file for Clojure source files con...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-namespaces-on-classpath find-namespaces-on-classpath]  function     find-namespaces    Searches CLASSPATH (both directories and JAR files...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-ns-decls-in-dir find-ns-decls-in-dir]          function     find-namespaces    Searches dir recursively for (ns ...) declarations...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-ns-decls-in-jarfile find-ns-decls-in-jarfile]      function     find-namespaces    Searches the JAR file for Clojure source files con...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#find-ns-decls-on-classpath find-ns-decls-on-classpath]    function     find-namespaces    Searches CLASSPATH (both directories and JAR files...
[GenericApiDoc#fmap fmap]                          multimethod  generic.functor    Applies function f to each item in the data struct...
[GraphApiDoc#fixed-point fixed-point]                   function     graph              Repeatedly apply fun to data until (equal old-data...
[JarApiDoc#filenames-in-jar filenames-in-jar]              function     jar                Returns a sequence of Strings naming the non-direc...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#file file]                          function     java-utils         Returns a java.io.File from string or file args..
[LazySeqsApiDoc#fibs fibs]                          function     lazy-seqs          Returns a lazy sequence of all the Fibonacci numbe...
[MathApiDoc#floor floor]                         multimethod  math               (floor n) returns the greatest integer less than o...
[MiglayoutApiDoc#format-constraint format-constraint]             function     miglayout.internal Returns a vector of vectors representing one or mo...
[MiglayoutApiDoc#format-constraints format-constraints]            function     miglayout.internal Returns a string representing all the constraints ...
[PprintApiDoc#formatter formatter]                     macro        pprint             Makes a function which can directly run format-in....
[PprintApiDoc#fresh-line fresh-line]                    function     pprint             Make a newline if the Writer is not already at the...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#find-javadoc-url find-javadoc-url]              function     repl-utils         Searches for a URL for the given class name.  Trie...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#find-first find-first]                    function     seq-utils          Returns the first item of coll for which (pred ite...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#flatten flatten]                       function     seq-utils          Takes any nested combination of sequential things ...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#frequencies frequencies]                   function     seq-utils          Returns a map from distinct items in coll to the n...
[SqlApiDoc#find-connection find-connection]               function     sql                Returns the current database connection (or nil if...
[SqlApiDoc#find-connection* find-connection*]              function     sql.internal       Returns the current database connection (or nil if...
[TemplateApiDoc#find-holes find-holes]                    function     template           Recursively finds all symbols starting with `_` in f...
[TemplateApiDoc#find-pure-exprs find-pure-exprs]               function     template           Recursively finds all sub-expressions in form that...
[TemplateApiDoc#find-symbols find-symbols]                  function     template           Recursively finds all symbols in form..
[TemplateApiDoc#flatten-map flatten-map]                   function     template           Transforms a map into a vector like `[`key value key...
[TestIsApiDoc#file-position file-position]                 function     test-is            Returns a vector `[`filename line-number`]` for the nt...
[TestIsApiDoc#function? function?]                     function     test-is            Returns true if argument is a function or a symbol...
</pre>
==G==
<pre>
[DataflowApiDoc#get-cell get-cell]                      function     dataflow           Get the single cell named by name.
[DataflowApiDoc#get-cells get-cells]                     function     dataflow           Get all the cells named by name.
[DataflowApiDoc#get-old-value get-old-value]                 function     dataflow           Looks up an old value.
[DataflowApiDoc#get-source-cells get-source-cells]              function     dataflow           Returns a collection of source cells from the data...
[DataflowApiDoc#get-value get-value]                     function     dataflow           Gets a value from the df matching the passed symbo...
[DataflowApiDoc#get-value-from-cell get-value-from-cell]           function     dataflow           Given a cell, get its value.
[DataflowApiDoc#get-values get-values]                    function     dataflow           Gets a collection of values from the df by name.
[DatalogApiDoc#get-relation get-relation]                  function     datalog.database   Get a relation object by name.
[DatalogApiDoc#get-adorned-bindings get-adorned-bindings]          function     datalog.literals   Get the bindings from this adorned literal..
[DatalogApiDoc#get-base-predicate get-base-predicate]            function     datalog.literals   Get the base predicate from this predicate..
[DatalogApiDoc#get-cs-from-vs get-cs-from-vs]                multimethod  datalog.literals   From a set of vars, get the columns.
[DatalogApiDoc#get-self-bound-cs get-self-bound-cs]             multimethod  datalog.literals   Get the columns that are bound withing the literal...
[DatalogApiDoc#get-vs-from-cs get-vs-from-cs]                multimethod  datalog.literals   From a set of columns, return the vars.
[DatalogApiDoc#get-all-relations get-all-relations]             function     datalog.softstrat  Return a set of all relation names defined in this...
[GenHtmlDocsApiDoc#generate-documentation generate-documentation]        function     gen-html-docs      Returns a string which is the HTML documentation f...
[GenHtmlDocsApiDoc#generate-documentation-to-file generate-documentation-to-file]  function   gen-html-docs      Calls generate-documentation on the libraries name...
[GenericApiDoc#get get]                           multimethod  generic.collection Returns the element of coll referred to by key. Ea...
[GraphApiDoc#get-neighbors get-neighbors]                 function     graph              Get the neighbors of a node..
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#greatest greatest]                      function     greatest-least     Return the greatest argument..
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#greatest-by greatest-by]                   function     greatest-least     Return the argument for which f yields the greates...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#get-system-property get-system-property]           function     java-utils         Get a system property..
[MathApiDoc#gcd gcd]                           function     math               (gcd a b) returns the greatest common divisor of a...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#get-ns get-ns]                        function     ns-utils           Returns the namespace named by ns-sym or throws if...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#get-source get-source]                    function     repl-utils         Returns a string of the source code for the given ...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#group-by group-by]                      function     seq-utils          Returns a sorted map of the elements of coll keyed...
[SingletonApiDoc#global-singleton global-singleton]              function     singleton          Returns a global singleton function.  f is a funct...
[SqlApiDoc#get-connection get-connection]                function     sql.internal       Creates a connection to a database. db-spec is a m...
[TestIsApiDoc#get-possibly-unbound-var get-possibly-unbound-var]      function     test-is            Like var-get but returns nil if the var is unbound...
</pre>
==H==
<pre>
[ErrorKitApiDoc#handle handle]                        function     error-kit          Special form to be used inside a 'with-handler'.  ...
[PrxmlApiDoc#*html-compatible* *html-compatible*]             var          prxml              If true, empty tags will have a space before the c...
</pre>
==I==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#is-safe? is-safe?]                      function     datalog.rules      Is the rule safe according to the datalog protocol...
[DatalogApiDoc#is-query-var? is-query-var?]                 function     datalog.util       Is this a query variable: e.g. a symbol prefixed w...
[DatalogApiDoc#is-var? is-var?]                       function     datalog.util       Is this a logic variable: e.g. a symbol prefixed w...
[FcaseApiDoc#in-case in-case]                       macro        fcase              Like case, but test expressions are sequences.  Th...
[FcaseApiDoc#instance-case instance-case]                 macro        fcase              Like case, but the test expressions are Java class...
[GenericApiDoc#into into]                          multimethod  generic.collection Returns a new coll consisting of to-coll with all ...
[ImportStaticApiDoc#import-static import-static]                 macro        import-static      Imports the named static fields and/or static meth...
[MonadsApiDoc#identity-m identity-m]                    var          monads             Monad describing plain computations. This monad do...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#includes? includes?]                     function     seq-utils          Returns true if coll contains something equal (wit...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#indexed indexed]                       function     seq-utils          Returns a lazy sequence of `[`index, item`]` pairs, wh...
[SqlApiDoc#insert-records insert-records]                function     sql                Inserts records into a table. records are maps fro...
[SqlApiDoc#insert-rows insert-rows]                   function     sql                Inserts complete rows into a table. Each row is a ...
[SqlApiDoc#insert-values insert-values]                 function     sql                Inserts rows into a table with values for specifie...
[SqlApiDoc#is-rollback-only is-rollback-only]              function     sql                Returns true if the outermost transaction will rol...
[SqlApiDoc#insert-records-fruit insert-records-fruit]          function     sql.test           Insert records, maps from keys specifying columns ...
[SqlApiDoc#insert-rows-fruit insert-rows-fruit]             function     sql.test           Insert complete rows.
[SqlApiDoc#insert-values-fruit insert-values-fruit]           function     sql.test           Insert rows with values for only specific columns.
[TestIsApiDoc#inc-report-counter inc-report-counter]            function     test-is            Increments the named counter in `*`report-counters`*`,...
[TestIsApiDoc#is is]                            macro        test-is            Generic assertion macro.  'form' is any predicate ...
</pre>
==J==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#join-literal join-literal]                  multimethod  datalog.literals   Given a database (db), a literal (lit) and a seq o...
[JarApiDoc#jar-file? jar-file?]                     function     jar                Returns true if file is a normal file with a .jar ...
[JsonWriteApiDoc#json-str json-str]                      function     json.write         Converts Clojure data structures to a JSON-formatt...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#join-with join-with]                     function     probabilities.finite-distributions Returns the distribution of (f x y...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#javadoc javadoc]                       function     repl-utils         Opens a browser window displaying the javadoc for ...
[TestIsApiDoc#join-fixtures join-fixtures]                 function     test-is            Composes a collection of fixtures, in order.  Alwa...
</pre>
==K==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#keys-to-vals keys-to-vals]                  function     datalog.util       Given a map and a collection of keys, return the c...
[WalkApiDoc#keywordize-keys keywordize-keys]               function     walk               Recursively transforms all map keys from strings t...
</pre>
==L==
<pre>
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#lex-permutations lex-permutations]              function     combinatorics      Fast lexicographic permutation generator for a seq...
[DatalogApiDoc#literal-appropriate? literal-appropriate?]          multimethod  datalog.literals   When passed a set of bound vars, determines if thi...
[DatalogApiDoc#literal-columns literal-columns]               multimethod  datalog.literals   Return the column names this applies to.
[DatalogApiDoc#literal-magic? literal-magic?]                function     datalog.literals   Is this literal magic?.
[DatalogApiDoc#literal-predicate literal-predicate]             multimethod  datalog.literals   Return the predicate/relation this conditional ope...
[DatalogApiDoc#literal-vars literal-vars]                  multimethod  datalog.literals   Returns the logic vars used by this literal.
[GraphApiDoc#lazy-walk lazy-walk]                     function     graph              Return a lazy sequence of the nodes of a graph sta...
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#least least]                         function     greatest-least     Return the smallest element..
[GreatestLeastApiDoc#least-by least-by]                      function     greatest-least     Return the argument for which f yields the smalles...
[JavalogApiDoc#*logger* *logger*]                      var          javalog            The current java.util.logging.Logger.  By default,...
[JavalogApiDoc#log log]                           macro        javalog            Logs a message to `*`logger`*`.  'level' is expanded w...
[JavalogApiDoc#log-level log-level]                     macro        javalog            Translates 'level' (a lower-case keyword) into a s...
[MacrosApiDoc#letfn- letfn-]                        macro        macros             OBSOLETE: use clojure.core/letfn A variant of l...
[MapUtilsApiDoc#lazy-get lazy-get]                      macro        map-utils          Like get, but doesn't evaluate not-found unless it...
[MathApiDoc#lcm lcm]                           function     math               (lcm a b) returns the least common multiple of a a...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#lognormal lognormal]                     function     probabilities.monte-carlo Transform a sequence of uniform random numb...
[ProbabilitiesRandomNumbersApiDoc#lcg lcg]                           function     probabilities.random-numbers Create a linear congruential generator.
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#*local-javadocs* *local-javadocs*]              var          repl-utils         Ref to a list of local paths for Javadoc-generated...
[TestIsApiDoc#*load-tests* *load-tests*]                  var          test-is            True by default.  If set to false, no test functio...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#left-locs left-locs]                     function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of locations to the left o...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#leftmost? leftmost?]                     function     zip-filter         Returns true if there are no more nodes to the lef...
</pre>
==M==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#make-database make-database]                 macro        datalog.database   Makes a database, like this (make-database ...
[DatalogApiDoc#merge-relations merge-relations]               function     datalog.database   Merges two relations.
[DatalogApiDoc#magic-literal magic-literal]                 function     datalog.literals   Create a magic version of this adorned predicate..
[DatalogApiDoc#magic-transform magic-transform]               function     datalog.magic      Return a magic transformation of an adorned rules-...
[DatalogApiDoc#make-rules-set make-rules-set]                function     datalog.rules      Given an existing set of rules, make it a 'rules-s...
[DatalogApiDoc#map-values map-values]                    function     datalog.util       Like map, but works over the values of a hash map.
[MmapApiDoc#mmap mmap]                          function     mmap               Memory-map the file named f.  Returns a ByteBuffer...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-chain m-chain]                       macro        monads             Chains together monadic computation steps that are...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-fmap m-fmap]                        macro        monads             Bind the monadic value m to the function returning...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-join m-join]                        macro        monads             Converts a monadic value containing a monadic valu...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-lift m-lift]                        macro        monads             Converts a function f of n arguments into a functi...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-map m-map]                         macro        monads             'Executes' the sequence of monadic values resultin...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-reduce m-reduce]                      macro        monads             Return the reduction of (m-lift 2 f) over the list...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-seq m-seq]                         macro        monads             'Executes' the monadic values in ms and returns a ...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-when m-when]                        macro        monads             If test if logical true, return monadic value m-ex...
[MonadsApiDoc#m-when-not m-when-not]                    macro        monads             If test if logical false, return monadic value m-e...
[MonadsApiDoc#maybe-m maybe-m]                       var          monads             Monad describing computations with possible failur...
[MonadsApiDoc#maybe-t maybe-t]                       function     monads             Monad transformer that transforms a monad m into a...
[MonadsApiDoc#monad monad]                         macro        monads             Define a monad by defining the monad operations. T...
[MonadsApiDoc#monad-transformer monad-transformer]             macro        monads             Define a monad transforer in terms of the monad op...
[TypesApiDoc#match match]                         macro        types              Given a value and a list of template-expr clauses,...
[TypesApiDoc#multiset multiset]                      var          types.examples     Multiset (demo implementation).
[WalkApiDoc#macroexpand-all macroexpand-all]               function     walk               Recursively performs all possible macroexpansions ...
</pre>
==N==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#negated-literal negated-literal]               function     datalog.literals   Given a literal l, return a negated version.
[DatalogApiDoc#negated? negated?]                      function     datalog.literals   Is this literal a negated literal?.
[DatalogApiDoc#negative-vars negative-vars]                 multimethod  datalog.literals   Returns the logic vars used in a negative position.
[DatalogApiDoc#non-base-rules non-base-rules]                function     datalog.rules      Return a collection of rules that depend, somehow,...
[DefApiDoc#name-with-attributes name-with-attributes]          function     def                To be used in macro definitions. Handles option...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#ns-vars ns-vars]                       function     ns-utils           Returns a sorted seq of symbols naming public vars...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#normalize normalize]                     function     probabilities.finite-distributions Convert a weight map (e.g. a map o...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#n-sphere n-sphere]                      function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return a uniform distribution of n-dimensio...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#normal normal]                        function     probabilities.monte-carlo Transform a sequence urs of uniform random ...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#normal-box-muller normal-box-muller]             function     probabilities.monte-carlo Transform a sequence of uniform random numb...
</pre>
==O==
<pre>
[JavadocBrowseApiDoc#open-url-in-browser open-url-in-browser]           function     javadoc.browse     Opens url (a string) in the default system web bro...
[JavadocBrowseApiDoc#open-url-in-swing open-url-in-swing]             function     javadoc.browse     Opens url (a string) in a Swing window..
</pre>
==P==
<pre>
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#permutations permutations]                  function     combinatorics      All the permutations of items, lexicographic by in...
[DataflowApiDoc#print-dataflow print-dataflow]                function     dataflow           Prints a dataflow, one cell per line.
[DatalogApiDoc#positive-vars positive-vars]                 multimethod  datalog.literals   Returns the logic vars used in a positive position.
[DatalogApiDoc#positive? positive?]                     function     datalog.literals   Is this a positive literal?.
[DatalogApiDoc#project-literal project-literal]               function     datalog.literals   Project a stream of bindings onto a literal/relati...
[DatalogApiDoc#predicate-map predicate-map]                 function     datalog.rules      Given a rules-set, return a map of rules keyed by ...
[DatalogApiDoc#preduce preduce]                       function     datalog.util       Similar to merge-with, but the contents of each ke...
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#pwd pwd]                           function     duck-streams       Returns current working directory as a String.  (L...
[GraphApiDoc#post-ordered-nodes post-ordered-nodes]            function     graph              Return a sequence of indexes of a post-ordered wal...
[JsonWriteApiDoc#print-json print-json]                    multimethod  json.write         Prints Clojure data types as JSON.  Nil becomes JS...
[LazySeqsApiDoc#powers-of-2 powers-of-2]                   function     lazy-seqs          Returns a lazy sequence of all the powers of 2.
[LazySeqsApiDoc#primes primes]                        var          lazy-seqs          Lazy sequence of all the prime numbers..
[LazyXmlApiDoc#parse-seq parse-seq]                     function     lazy-xml           Parses the source s, which can be a File, InputStr...
[LazyXmlApiDoc#parse-trim parse-trim]                    function     lazy-xml           Parses the source s, which can be a File, InputStr...
[MiglayoutApiDoc#parse-item-constraints parse-item-constraints]        function     miglayout.internal Iterates over args and builds a map containing val...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#print-dir print-dir]                     function     ns-utils           Prints a sorted directory of public vars in a name...
[NsUtilsApiDoc#print-docs print-docs]                    function     ns-utils           Prints documentation for the public vars in a name...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-circle* *print-circle*]                var          pprint             Mark circular structures (N.B. This is not yet use...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-lines* *print-lines*]                 var          pprint             Maximum number of lines to print in a pretty print...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-miser-width* *print-miser-width*]           var          pprint             The column at which to enter miser style. Dependin...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-pprint-dispatch* *print-pprint-dispatch*]       var          pprint             The pretty print dispatch table.
[PprintApiDoc#*print-pretty* *print-pretty*]                var          pprint             Bind to true if you want write to use pretty print...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-right-margin* *print-right-margin*]          var          pprint             Pretty printing will try to avoid anything going b...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-shared* *print-shared*]                var          pprint             Mark repeated structures rather than repeat them (...
[PprintApiDoc#*print-suppress-namespaces* *print-suppress-namespaces*]   var          pprint             Don't print namespaces with symbols. This is parti...
[PprintApiDoc#pp pp]                            macro        pprint             A convenience macro that pretty prints the last th...
[PprintApiDoc#pprint pprint]                        function     pprint             Pretty print object to the optional output writer....
[PprintApiDoc#pprint-indent pprint-indent]                 function     pprint             Create an indent at this point in the pretty print...
[PprintApiDoc#pprint-logical-block pprint-logical-block]          macro        pprint             Execute the body as a pretty printing logical bloc...
[PprintApiDoc#pprint-newline pprint-newline]                function     pprint             Print a conditional newline to a pretty printing s...
[PprintApiDoc#pprint-tab pprint-tab]                    function     pprint             Tab at this point in the pretty printing stream. k...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#prob prob]                          function     probabilities.finite-distributions Return the probability that the pr...
[PrxmlApiDoc#*prxml-indent* *prxml-indent*]                var          prxml              The number of spaces to indent sub-tags.  nil for ...
[PrxmlApiDoc#prxml prxml]                         function     prxml              Print XML to `*`out`*`.  Vectors become XML tags: the ...
[ReplLnApiDoc#print-repl-info print-repl-info]               function     repl-ln            Prints info about the current repl.
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#partition-all partition-all]                 function     seq-utils          Returns a lazy sequence of lists like clojure.core...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#partition-by partition-by]                  function     seq-utils          Applies f to each value in coll, splitting it each...
[SetApiDoc#proper-subset? proper-subset?]                function     set                Is s1 a proper subset of s2?.
[SetApiDoc#proper-superset? proper-superset?]              function     set                Is s1 a proper superset of s2?.
[SingletonApiDoc#per-thread-singleton per-thread-singleton]          function     singleton          Returns a per-thread singleton function.  f is a f...
[SqlApiDoc#print-sql-exception print-sql-exception]           function     sql.internal       Prints the contents of an SQLException to stream.
[SqlApiDoc#print-sql-exception-chain print-sql-exception-chain]     function     sql.internal       Prints a chain of SQLExceptions to stream.
[SqlApiDoc#print-update-counts print-update-counts]           function     sql.internal       Prints the update counts from a BatchUpdateExcepti...
[StacktraceApiDoc#print-cause-trace print-cause-trace]             function     stacktrace         Like print-stack-trace but prints chained exceptio...
[StacktraceApiDoc#print-stack-trace print-stack-trace]             function     stacktrace         Prints a Clojure-oriented stack trace of tr, a Thr...
[StacktraceApiDoc#print-throwable print-throwable]               function     stacktrace         Prints the class and message of a Throwable..
[StacktraceApiDoc#print-trace-element print-trace-element]           function     stacktrace         Prints a Clojure-oriented view of one element in a...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#pick pick]                          function     stream-utils       Return the next value of stream argument n inside ...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#pick-all pick-all]                      function     stream-utils       Return a vector containing the next value of each ...
[TestIsApiDoc#print-tap-diagnostic print-tap-diagnostic]          function     test-is.tap        Prints a TAP diagnostic line.  data is a (possibly...
[TestIsApiDoc#print-tap-fail print-tap-fail]                function     test-is.tap        Prints a TAP 'not ok' line.  msg is a string, with...
[TestIsApiDoc#print-tap-pass print-tap-pass]                function     test-is.tap        Prints a TAP 'ok' line.  msg is a string, with no ...
[TestIsApiDoc#print-tap-plan print-tap-plan]                function     test-is.tap        Prints a TAP plan line like '1..n'.  n is the numb...
[WalkApiDoc#postwalk postwalk]                      function     walk               Performs a depth-first, post-order traversal of fo...
[WalkApiDoc#postwalk-demo postwalk-demo]                 function     walk               Demonstrates the behavior of postwalk by printing ...
[WalkApiDoc#postwalk-replace postwalk-replace]              function     walk               Recursively transforms form by replacing keys in s...
[WalkApiDoc#prewalk prewalk]                       function     walk               Like postwalk, but does pre-order traversal..
[WalkApiDoc#prewalk-demo prewalk-demo]                  function     walk               Demonstrates the behavior of prewalk by printing e...
[WalkApiDoc#prewalk-replace prewalk-replace]               function     walk               Recursively transforms form by replacing keys in s...
</pre>
==Q==
<pre>
</pre>
==R==
<pre>
[DataflowApiDoc#remove-cells remove-cells]                  function     dataflow           Given a collection of cells, remove them from the ...
[DatalogApiDoc#run-work-plan run-work-plan]                 function     datalog            Given a work plan, a database, and some query bind...
[DatalogApiDoc#remove-tuple remove-tuple]                  function     datalog.database   Two forms:  `[`db relation-name tuple`]` removes th...
[DatalogApiDoc#replace-relation replace-relation]              function     datalog.database   Add or replace a fully constructed relation object...
[DatalogApiDoc#return-rule-data return-rule-data]              function     datalog.rules      Returns an untypted rule that will be fully printe...
[DatalogApiDoc#rules-set rules-set]                     function     datalog.rules      Given a collection of rules return a rules set.
[DatalogApiDoc#reverse-map reverse-map]                   function     datalog.util       Reverse the keys/values of a map.
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#read-lines read-lines]                    function     duck-streams       Like clojure.core/line-seq but opens f with reader...
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#reader reader]                        multimethod  duck-streams       Attempts to coerce its argument into an open jav...
[ErrorKitApiDoc#raise raise]                         macro        error-kit          Raise an error of the type err-name, constructed w...
[ErrorKitApiDoc#raise* raise*]                        function     error-kit          Raise the given error object, best if created by a...
[FcaseApiDoc#re-case re-case]                       macro        fcase              Like case, but the test expressions are regular ex...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#read-file-ns-decl read-file-ns-decl]             function     find-namespaces    Attempts to read a (ns ...) declaration from file,...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#read-ns-decl read-ns-decl]                  function     find-namespaces    Attempts to read a (ns ...) declaration from rdr, ...
[FindNamespacesApiDoc#read-ns-decl-from-jarfile-entry read-ns-decl-from-jarfile-entry]  function  find-namespaces    Attempts to read a (ns ...) declaration from the n...
[GraphApiDoc#recursive-component? recursive-component?]          function     graph              Is the component (recieved from scc) self recursiv...
[GraphApiDoc#remove-loops remove-loops]                  function     graph              For each node n, remove any edges n->n..
[GraphApiDoc#reverse-graph reverse-graph]                 function     graph              Given a directed graph, return another directed gr...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#read-properties read-properties]               function     java-utils         Read properties from file-able..
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#relative-path-string relative-path-string]          multimethod  java-utils         Interpret a String or java.io.File as a relative p...
[JavalogApiDoc#root-logger root-logger]                   function     javalog            Returns the root Logger instance..
[JsonReadApiDoc#read-json read-json]                     function     json.read          Read the next JSON record from stream, which must ...
[MathApiDoc#round round]                         multimethod  math               (round n) rounds to the nearest integer. round alw...
[MonadsApiDoc#run-cont run-cont]                      function     monads             Execute the computation c in the cont monad and re...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#random-stream random-stream]                 function     probabilities.monte-carlo Define a random stream by a distribution an...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#reject reject]                        function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return the distribution that results from r...
[ProbabilitiesRandomNumbersApiDoc#rand-stream rand-stream]                   var          probabilities.random-numbers A random number stream based on clojure....
[ReplLnApiDoc#repl repl]                          function     repl-ln            A repl that supports line numbers. For definitions...
[ReplLnApiDoc#repl-info repl-info]                     function     repl-ln            Returns a map of info about the current repl.
[ReplLnApiDoc#repl-prompt repl-prompt]                   function     repl-ln            Returns the current repl prompt based on this repl...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#*remote-javadocs* *remote-javadocs*]             var          repl-utils         Ref to a map from package name prefixes to URLs fo...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#rand-elt rand-elt]                      function     seq-utils          Return a random element of this seq.
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#rec-cat rec-cat]                       macro        seq-utils          Similar to lazy-cat but binds the resulting sequen...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#rec-seq rec-seq]                       macro        seq-utils          Similar to lazy-seq but binds the resulting seq to...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#reductions reductions]                    function     seq-utils          Returns a lazy seq of the intermediate values of t...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#rotations rotations]                     function     seq-utils          Returns a lazy seq of all rotations of a seq.
[SqlApiDoc#rollback rollback]                      function     sql.internal       Accessor for the rollback flag on the current conn...
[StacktraceApiDoc#root-cause root-cause]                    function     stacktrace         Returns the last 'cause' Throwable in a chain of T...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#re-gsub re-gsub]                       function     str-utils          Replaces all instances of 'pattern' in 'string' wi...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#re-partition re-partition]                  function     str-utils          Splits the string into a lazy sequence of substrin...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#re-split re-split]                      function     str-utils          Splits the string on instances of 'pattern'.  Retu...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#re-sub re-sub]                        function     str-utils          Replaces the first instance of 'pattern' in 'strin...
[TestIsApiDoc#report report]                        multimethod  test-is            Generic reporting function, may be overridden to p...
[TestIsApiDoc#run-all-tests run-all-tests]                 function     test-is            Runs all tests in all namespaces; prints results. ...
[TestIsApiDoc#run-tests run-tests]                     function     test-is            Runs all tests in the given namespaces; prints res...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#right-locs right-locs]                    function     zip-filter         Returns a lazy sequence of locations to the right ...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#rightmost? rightmost?]                    function     zip-filter         Returns true if there are no more nodes to the rig...
</pre>
==S==
<pre>
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#selections selections]                    function     combinatorics      All the ways of taking n (possibly the same) eleme...
[CombinatoricsApiDoc#subsets subsets]                       function     combinatorics      All the subsets of items.
[DataflowApiDoc#source-cell? source-cell?]                  function     dataflow           Is this cell a source cell?.
[DatalogApiDoc#select select]                        function     datalog.database   finds all matching tuples to the partial tuple (pt...
[DatalogApiDoc#seed-predicate-for-insertion seed-predicate-for-insertion]  function     datalog.magic      Given a query, return the predicate to use for dat...
[DatalogApiDoc#seed-relation seed-relation]                 function     datalog.magic      Given a magic form of a query, give back the liter...
[DatalogApiDoc#seed-rule seed-rule]                     function     datalog.magic      Given an adorned query, give back its seed rule.
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#slurp* slurp*]                        function     duck-streams       Like clojure.core/slurp but opens f with reader..
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#spit spit]                          function     duck-streams       Opposite of slurp.  Opens f with writer, writes co...
[GenericApiDoc#seq seq]                           multimethod  generic.collection Returns a seq on the object s..
[GraphApiDoc#scc scc]                           function     graph              Returns, as a sequence of sets, the strongly conne...
[GraphApiDoc#self-recursive-sets self-recursive-sets]           function     graph              Returns, as a sequence of sets, the components of ...
[GraphApiDoc#stratification-list stratification-list]           function     graph              Similar to dependency-list (see doc), except two g...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#set-system-properties set-system-properties]         function     java-utils         Set some system properties. Nil clears a property..
[JavalogApiDoc#set-console-log-level set-console-log-level]         function     javalog            Attempts to set the level of the current logger an...
[MapUtilsApiDoc#safe-get safe-get]                      function     map-utils          Like get, but throws an exception if the key is no...
[MapUtilsApiDoc#safe-get-in safe-get-in]                   function     map-utils          Like get-in, but throws an exception if any key is...
[MathApiDoc#sqrt sqrt]                          multimethod  math               Square root, but returns exact number if possible..
[MmapApiDoc#slurp slurp]                         function     mmap               Reads the file named by f and returns it as a stri...
[MonadsApiDoc#sequence-m sequence-m]                    var          monads             Monad describing multi-valued computations, i.e. c...
[MonadsApiDoc#sequence-t sequence-t]                    function     monads             Monad transformer that transforms a monad m into a...
[MonadsApiDoc#set-m set-m]                         var          monads             Monad describing multi-valued computations, like s...
[MonadsApiDoc#state-m state-m]                       var          monads             Monad describing stateful computations. The monadi...
[MonadsApiDoc#state-t state-t]                       function     monads             Monad transformer that transforms a monad m into a...
[PprintApiDoc#set-pprint-dispatch set-pprint-dispatch]           function     pprint             Set the pretty print dispatch table to TABLE. Curr...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#sample sample]                        function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return the distribution of samples of lengt...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#sample-mean sample-mean]                   function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return the distribution of the mean over n ...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#sample-mean-variance sample-mean-variance]          function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return the distribution of the mean-and-var...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#sample-reduce sample-reduce]                 function     probabilities.monte-carlo Returns the distribution of the reduction o...
[ProbabilitiesMonteCarloApiDoc#sample-sum sample-sum]                    function     probabilities.monte-carlo Return the distribution of the sum over n s...
[ReplLnApiDoc#set-repl-name set-repl-name]                 function     repl-ln            Sets the repl name format to the string name-fmt. ...
[ReplLnApiDoc#set-repl-prompt set-repl-prompt]               function     repl-ln            Sets the repl prompt. Include the following codes ...
[ReplLnApiDoc#stream-repl stream-repl]                   function     repl-ln            Repl entry point that provides convenient overridi...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#show show]                          function     repl-utils         With one arg prints all static and instance member...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#source source]                        macro        repl-utils         Prints the source code for the given symbol, if it...
[ReplUtilsApiDoc#start-handling-break start-handling-break]          function     repl-utils         Register INT signal handler.  After calling this, ...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#separate separate]                      function     seq-utils          Returns a vector: `[` (filter f s), (filter (comp...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#seq-on seq-on]                        multimethod  seq-utils          Returns a seq on the object s. Works like the buil...
[SeqUtilsApiDoc#shuffle shuffle]                       function     seq-utils          Return a random permutation of coll.
[SetApiDoc#subset? subset?]                       function     set                Is set1 a subset of set2?.
[SetApiDoc#superset? superset?]                     function     set                Is set1 a superset of set2?.
[ShellOutApiDoc#sh sh]                            function     shell-out          Passes the given strings to Runtime.exec() to laun...
[SqlApiDoc#set-rollback-only set-rollback-only]             function     sql                Marks the outermost transaction such that it will ...
[StrUtilsApiDoc#str-join str-join]                      function     str-utils          Returns a string of all elements in 'sequence', se...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-drop stream-drop]                   function     stream-utils       Return a stream containing all but the first n ele...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-filter stream-filter]                 multimethod  stream-utils       Return a new stream that contrains the elements of...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-flatten stream-flatten]                function     stream-utils       Converts a stream of sequences into a stream of th...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-m stream-m]                      var          stream-utils       Monad describing stream computations. The monadic ...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-map stream-map]                    multimethod  stream-utils       Return a new stream by mapping the function f on t...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-next stream-next]                   multimethod  stream-utils       Returns a vector `[`next-value new-state`]` where next...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-seq stream-seq]                    function     stream-utils       Return a lazy seq on the stream. Also accessible v...
[StreamUtilsApiDoc#stream-type stream-type]                   var          stream-utils       The root type for the stream hierarchy. For each s...
[TestIsApiDoc#*stack-trace-depth* *stack-trace-depth*]           var          test-is            The maximum depth of stack traces to print when an...
[TestIsApiDoc#set-test set-test]                      macro        test-is            Experimental. Sets :test metadata of the named v...
[WalkApiDoc#stringify-keys stringify-keys]                function     walk               Recursively transforms all map keys from keywords ...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#seq-test seq-test]                      function     zip-filter.xml     Returns a query predicate that matches a node when...
</pre>
==T==
<pre>
[DatalogApiDoc#trace-datalog trace-datalog]                 macro        datalog.util       If `*`test-datalog`*` is set to true, run the enclosed...
[ErrorKitApiDoc#throw-msg throw-msg]                     macro        error-kit          Returns a function that throws a Java Exception wi...
[ExceptApiDoc#throw-arg throw-arg]                     function     except             Throws an IllegalArgumentException. All arguments ...
[ExceptApiDoc#throw-if throw-if]                      function     except             Throws an Exception or Error if test is true. args...
[ExceptApiDoc#throw-if-not throw-if-not]                  function     except             Throws an Exception or Error if test is false. arg...
[ExceptApiDoc#throwf throwf]                        function     except             Throws an Exception or Error with an optional mess...
[GraphApiDoc#transitive-closure transitive-closure]            function     graph              Returns the transitive closure of a graph.  The ne...
[SqlApiDoc#transaction transaction]                   macro        sql                Evaluates body as a transaction on the open databa...
[SqlApiDoc#throw-rollback throw-rollback]                function     sql.internal       Sets rollback and throws a wrapped exception.
[SqlApiDoc#transaction* transaction*]                  function     sql.internal       Evaluates func as a transaction on the open databa...
[TemplateApiDoc#template template]                      macro        template           Expands to a fn using `_`1, `_`2, `_`3, etc. as argument...
[TemplateApiDoc#template? template?]                     function     template           Returns true if form is a valid template expressio...
[TestIsApiDoc#test-all-vars test-all-vars]                 function     test-is            Calls test-var on every var interned in the namesp...
[TestIsApiDoc#test-ns test-ns]                       function     test-is            If the namespace defines a function named test-ns-...
[TestIsApiDoc#test-var test-var]                      function     test-is            If v has a function in its :test metadata, calls t...
[TestIsApiDoc#testing testing]                       macro        test-is            Adds a new string to the list of testing contexts....
[TestIsApiDoc#testing-contexts-str testing-contexts-str]          function     test-is            Returns a string representation of the current tes...
[TestIsApiDoc#testing-vars-str testing-vars-str]              function     test-is            Returns a string representation of the current tes...
[TestIsApiDoc#try-expr try-expr]                      macro        test-is            Used by the 'is' macro to catch unexpected excepti...
[TraceApiDoc#*trace-depth* *trace-depth*]                 var          trace              Current stack depth of traced function calls..
[TraceApiDoc#trace trace]                         function     trace              Sends name (optional) and value to the tracer func...
[TraceApiDoc#trace-fn-call trace-fn-call]                 function     trace              Traces a single call to a function f with args.  '...
[TraceApiDoc#trace-indent trace-indent]                  function     trace              Returns an indentation string based on `*`trace-dept...
[TraceApiDoc#tracer tracer]                        function     trace              This function is called by trace.  Prints to stand...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#tag= tag=]                          function     zip-filter.xml     Returns a query predicate that matches a node when...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#text text]                          function     zip-filter.xml     Returns the textual contents of the given location...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#text= text=]                         function     zip-filter.xml     Returns a query predicate that matches a node when...
</pre>
==U==
<pre>
[DataflowApiDoc#update-values update-values]                 function     dataflow           Given a dataflow, and a map of name-value pairs, u...
[ProbabilitiesFiniteDistributionsApiDoc#uniform uniform]                       function     probabilities.finite-distributions Return a distribution in which eac...
[SqlApiDoc#update-or-insert-values update-or-insert-values]       function     sql                Updates values on selected rows in a table, or ins...
[SqlApiDoc#update-values update-values]                 function     sql                Updates values on selected rows in a table. where-...
</pre>
==V==
<pre>
[NsUtilsApiDoc#vars vars]                          macro        ns-utils           Returns a sorted seq of symbols naming public vars...
</pre>
==W==
<pre>
[CommandLineApiDoc#with-command-line with-command-line]             macro        command-line       Bind locals to command-line args..
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#with-in-reader with-in-reader]                macro        duck-streams       Opens a PushbackReader on f, binds it to `*`in`*`, and...
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#with-out-writer with-out-writer]               macro        duck-streams       Opens a writer on f, binds it to `*`out`*`, and evalut...
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#write-lines write-lines]                   function     duck-streams       Writes lines (a seq) to f, separated by newlines. ...
[DuckStreamsApiDoc#writer writer]                        multimethod  duck-streams       Attempts to coerce its argument into an open java....
[ErrorKitApiDoc#with-handler with-handler]                  macro        error-kit          This is error-kit's dynamic scope form.  The body ...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#with-system-properties with-system-properties]        macro        java-utils         setting => property-name value  Sets the system ...
[JavaUtilsApiDoc#write-properties write-properties]              function     java-utils         Write properties to file-able..
[JavalogApiDoc#with-logger with-logger]                   macro        javalog            Executes 'body' with `*`logger`*` bound to a logger wi...
[MonadsApiDoc#with-monad with-monad]                    macro        monads             Evaluates an expression after replacing the keywor...
[MonadsApiDoc#writer-m writer-m]                      function     monads             Monad describing computations that accumulate data...
[PprintApiDoc#with-pprint-dispatch with-pprint-dispatch]          macro        pprint             Execute body with the pretty print dispatch table ...
[PprintApiDoc#write write]                         function     pprint             Write an object subject to the current bindings of...
[SqlApiDoc#with-connection with-connection]               macro        sql                Evaluates body in the context of a new connection ...
[SqlApiDoc#with-query-results with-query-results]            macro        sql                Executes a query, then evaluates body with results...
[SqlApiDoc#with-connection* with-connection*]              function     sql.internal       Evaluates func in the context of a new connection ...
[SqlApiDoc#with-query-results* with-query-results*]           function     sql.internal       Executes a query, then evaluates func passing in a...
[TestIsApiDoc#with-test with-test]                     macro        test-is            Takes any definition form (that returns a Var) as ...
[TestIsApiDoc#with-test-out with-test-out]                 macro        test-is            Runs body with `*`out`*` bound to the value of `*`test-o...
[TestIsApiDoc#with-tap-output with-tap-output]               macro        test-is.tap        Execute body with modified test-is reporting funct...
[WalkApiDoc#walk walk]                          function     walk               Traverses form, an arbitrary data structure.  inne...
[WithNsApiDoc#with-ns with-ns]                       macro        with-ns            Evaluates body in another namespace.  ns is either...
[WithNsApiDoc#with-temp-ns with-temp-ns]                  macro        with-ns            Evaluates body in an anonymous namespace, which is...
</pre>
==X==
<pre>
[ZipFilterApiDoc#xml-> xml->]                         function     zip-filter.xml     The loc is passed to the first predicate.  If the ...
[ZipFilterApiDoc#xml1-> xml1->]                        function     zip-filter.xml     Returns the first item from loc based on the query...
</pre>
==Y==
<pre>
</pre>
==Z==
<pre>
</pre>
==Other==
<pre>
[CoreApiDoc#-?> -?>]                           macro        core               Same as clojure.core/-> but returns nil as soon as...
[CoreApiDoc#.?. .?.]                           macro        core               Same as clojure.core/.. but returns nil as soon as...
[DatalogApiDoc#<- <-]                            macro        datalog.rules      Build a datalog rule.  Like this:  (<- (:head :...
[DatalogApiDoc#?- ?-]                            macro        datalog.rules      Define a datalog query.
</pre>
