#summary auto-agent API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for auto-agent=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.auto-agent))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> This is superficially similar to Ken Tilton's "Cells" library for 
Common Lisp.  But Cells is single-threaded and synchronous.  This 
version is built on Clojure agents, so it is multi-threaded and 
asynchronous. 
 
An auto-agent is an agent whose value is the result of an 
expression.  That expression can include other mutable Clojure 
types -- agents, atoms, and refs -- dereferenced with "deref" or 
"@".  Whenever one of those derefernced things changes, the 
auto-agent will be automatically updated to reflect the new value.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#auto-agent auto-agent] 

----
===auto-agent===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_auto-agent_ expr)*
</pre>
<pre> Creates an agent whose value is the result of evaluating expr. 
Whenever one of the agents/atoms/refs dererenced within expr 
changes, expr is reevaluated and this agent's state is set to its 
new value.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/auto_agent.clj#59 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=auto-agent+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
