#summary condt API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for condt=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.condt))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Generic case-like macro using template expressions</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#condt condt] [#econdt econdt] 

----
===condt===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_condt_ expr & clauses)*
</pre>
<pre> expr is a template expression (see template), clauses are test/expr 
pairs like cond.  Evalautes the template on each test value, one at 
a time.  If a test returns logical true, condt evaluates the 
corresponding expr and returns its value.  If none of the tests are 
true, and there are an odd number of clauses, the last clause is 
evaluated, otherwise returns nil.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condt.clj#31 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=condt+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===econdt===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_econdt_ expr & clauses)*
</pre>
<pre> Like condt but throws Exception if no tests match.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condt.clj#50 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=econdt+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
