#summary cond API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for cond=
by Stephen C. Gilardi

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.cond))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Extensions to the basic cond function.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#cond-let cond-let] 

----
===cond-let===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_cond-let_ bindings & clauses)*
</pre>
<pre> Takes a binding-form and a set of test/expr pairs. Evaluates each test 
one at a time. If a test returns logical true, cond-let evaluates and 
returns expr with binding-form bound to the value of test and doesn't 
evaluate any of the other tests or exprs. To provide a default value 
either provide a literal that evaluates to logical true and is 
binding-compatible with binding-form, or use :else as the test and don't 
refer to any parts of binding-form in the expr. (cond-let binding-form) 
returns nil.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/cond.clj#18 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=cond-let+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
