#summary condition API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for condition=
by Stephen C. Gilardi

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.condition))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Flexible raising and handling of conditions: 
 
Functions: 
 
              raise: raises a condition 
       handler-case: dispatches raised conditions to appropriate handlers 
  print-stack-trace: prints abbreviated or full condition stack traces 
 
Data: 
 
  A condition is a map containing values for these keys: 
 
    - :type, a condition type specifier, typically a keyword 
    - :stack-trace, a stack trace to the site of the raise 
    - :message, a human-readable message (optional) 
    - :cause, a wrapped exception or condition (optional) 
    - other keys given as arguments to raise (optional) 
 
Note: requires AOT compilation. 
 
Based on an idea from Chouser: 
http://groups.google.com/group/clojure/browse`_`frm/thread/da1285c538f22bb5</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#*_full-stack-traces_* *full-stack-traces*] [#handler-case handler-case] [#print-stack-trace print-stack-trace] [#raise raise] [#stack-trace-info stack-trace-info] 

----
===`*`full-stack-traces`*`===
====var====
<pre> Bind to true to include clojure.{core,lang,main} frames in stack 
traces</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condition.clj#56 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*full-stack-traces*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===handler-case===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_handler-case_ dispatch-fn & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Executes body in a context where raised conditions can be handled. 
 
dispatch-fn accepts a raised condition (a map) and returns a selector 
used to choose a handler. Commonly, dispatch-fn will be :type to dispatch 
on the condition's :type value. 
 
Handlers are forms within body: 
 
  (handle key 
    ...) 
 
If a condition is raised, executes the body of the first handler whose 
key satisfies (isa? selector key). If no handlers match, re-raises the 
condition. 
 
While a handler is running, `*`condition`*` is bound to the condition being 
handled and `*`selector`*` is bound to to the value returned by dispatch-fn 
that matched the handler's key.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condition.clj#71 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=handler-case+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-stack-trace===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-stack-trace_ x)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints a stack trace for a condition or Throwable. Skips frames for 
classes in clojure.{core,lang,main} unless the `*`full-stack-traces`*` is 
bound to logical true</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condition.clj#128 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-stack-trace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===raise===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_raise_)
       (_raise_ m)
       (_raise_ key val & keyvals)*
</pre>
<pre> Raises a condition. With no arguments, re-raises the current condition. 
With one argument (a map), raises the argument. With two or more 
arguments, raises a map with keys and values from the arguments.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condition.clj#60 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=raise+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===stack-trace-info===
====multimethod====
_No usage documentation available_
<pre> Returns header, stack-trace, and cause info from conditions and 
Throwables</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/condition.clj#106 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=stack-trace-info+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
