#summary datalog.rules API Reference

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for datalog.rules=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.datalog.rules))
}}}
==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_<-_hd_&_body) <-] [#(_?-_&_q) ?-] [#(_all-predicates_rs) all-predicates] [#(_apply-rule_db_rule) apply-rule] [#(_compute-sip_bindings_i-preds_rule) compute-sip] [#(_display-query_query) display-query] [#(_display-rule_rule) display-rule] [#(_is-safe?_rule) is-safe?] [#(_make-rules-set_rs) make-rules-set] [#(_non-base-rules_rs) non-base-rules] [#(_predicate-map_rs) predicate-map] [#(_return-rule-data_rule) return-rule-data] [#(_rules-set_&_rules) rules-set] 
----
===(_<-_ hd & body)===
====Macro====
Build a datalog rule.  Like this:

(<- (:head :x ?x :y ?y) (:body-1 :x ?x :y ?y) (:body-2 :z ?z) (not! :body-3 :x ?x) (if > ?y ?z))
----
===(_?-_ & q)===
====Macro====
Define a datalog query
----
===(_all-predicates_ rs)===
Given a rules-set, return all defined predicates
----
===(_apply-rule_ db rule)===
===(_apply-rule_ db-1 db-2 rule)===
Apply the rule against db-1, adding the results to the appropriate
relation in db-2.  The relation will be created if needed.
----
===(_compute-sip_ bindings i-preds rule)===
Given a set of bound column names, return an adorned sip for this
rule.  A set of intensional predicates should be provided to
determine what should be adorned.
----
===(_display-query_ query)===
Return a query in a readable format.
----
===(_display-rule_ rule)===
Return the rule in a readable format.
----
===(_is-safe?_ rule)===
Is the rule safe according to the datalog protocol?
----
===(_make-rules-set_ rs)===
Given an existing set of rules, make it a 'rules-set' for
printing.
----
===(_non-base-rules_ rs)===
Return a collection of rules that depend, somehow, on other rules
----
===(_predicate-map_ rs)===
Given a rules-set, return a map of rules keyed by their predicates.
Each value will be a set of rules.
----
===(_return-rule-data_ rule)===
Returns an untypted rule that will be fully printed
----
===(_rules-set_ & rules)===
Given a collection of rules return a rules set
