#summary error-kit API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for error-kit=
by Chris Houser

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.error-kit))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> EXPERIMENTAL 
System for defining and using custom errors 
Please contact Chouser if you have any suggestions for better names 
or API adjustments.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#bind-continue bind-continue] [#deferror deferror] [#do-not-handle do-not-handle] [#error error] [#handle handle] [#raise raise] [#raise_* raise*] [#throw-msg throw-msg] [#with-handler with-handler] 

----
===bind-continue===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_bind-continue_ continue-name `[`args`*``]` & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Special form to be used inside a 'with-handler'. 
Control can be passed to this 'continue' form from a 'raise' enclosed 
in this with-handler's dynamic scope, when this 'continue-name' is 
given to a 'continue' form.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#150 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=bind-continue+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===deferror===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_deferror_ name `[`parent-error?`]` doc-string? `[`args`*``]` & body)
       (_deferror_ name `[`parent-error?`]` doc-string? args-destruct-map & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Define a new error type</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#59 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=deferror+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===do-not-handle===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_do-not-handle_)*
</pre>
<pre> Use in a tail position of a 'handle' form to indicate 'raise' should 
not consider the error handled, but should continue searching for an 
appropriate 'handle' form.  Allows finer-grain control over catching 
than just the error type.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#117 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=do-not-handle+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===error===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_error_ details)*
</pre>
<pre> Base type for all error-kit errors</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#46 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=error+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===handle===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_handle_ error-name? `[`args`*``]` & body)
       (_handle_ error-name? args-destruct-map-args & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Special form to be used inside a 'with-handler'.  When 
any error is 'raised' from withing the dynamic scope of 'body' that 
is of error-name's type or a derived type, the args will be bound 
and the body executed.  If no 'error-name' is given, the body will 
be executed for regardless of the type of error raised.  The body 
may return a value, in which case that will be the return value of 
the entire 'with-handler' form, or it may use any of the special 
return forms, 'do-not-handle', 'continue-with', or 'continue'.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#138 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=handle+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===raise===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_raise_ err-name & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Raise an error of the type err-name, constructed with the given args</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#110 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=raise+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===raise`*`===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_raise`*`_ err)*
</pre>
<pre> Raise the given error object, best if created by an error 
constructor defined with deferror.  See also 'raise' macro.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#86 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=raise*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===throw-msg===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_throw-msg_ class-name)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a function that throws a Java Exception with the given 
name.  Useful to associate a new error-kit error type with a 
particular Java Exception class, via the :unhandled error key.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#39 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=throw-msg+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===with-handler===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_with-handler_ & forms)*
</pre>
<pre> This is error-kit's dynamic scope form.  The body will be executed 
in a dynamic context that includes all of the following 'handle' and 
'bind-continue' forms.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/error_kit.clj#163 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=with-handler+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
