#summary except API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for except=
by Stephen C. Gilardi

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.except))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Provides functions that make it easy to specify the class and message 
when throwing an Exception or Error. The optional message is formatted 
using clojure/format.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#throw-arg throw-arg] [#throw-if throw-if] [#throw-if-not throw-if-not] [#throwf throwf] 

----
===throw-arg===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_throw-arg_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Throws an IllegalArgumentException. All arguments are optional: 
 
      format? format-args`*` 
 
- format is a format string for clojure/format 
- format-args are objects that correspond to format specifiers in 
  format.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/except.clj#56 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=throw-arg+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===throw-if===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_throw-if_ test & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Throws an Exception or Error if test is true. args are those documented 
for throwf.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/except.clj#42 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=throw-if+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===throw-if-not===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_throw-if-not_ test & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Throws an Exception or Error if test is false. args are those documented 
for throwf.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/except.clj#49 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=throw-if-not+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===throwf===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_throwf_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Throws an Exception or Error with an optional message formatted using 
clojure/format. All arguments are optional: 
 
    class? format? format-args`*` 
 
- class defaults to Exception, if present it must name a kind of 
  Throwable 
- format is a format string for clojure/format 
- format-args are objects that correspond to format specifiers in 
  format.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/except.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=throwf+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
