#summary fnmap API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for fnmap=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.fnmap))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Maps that dispatch get/assoc to user-defined functions. 
 
Note: requires AOT-compilation</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#fnmap fnmap] 

----
===fnmap===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_fnmap_ getter setter)
       (_fnmap_ getter setter & keyvals)*
</pre>
<pre> Creates a fnmap, or functional map.  A fnmap behaves like an 
ordinary Clojure map, except that calls to get and assoc are 
filtered through user-defined getter and setter functions, which 
operate on an internal map. 
 
(getter m key) should return a value for key. 
 
(setter m key value) should assoc key with value and return a new 
map for m. 
 
All other map operations are passed through to the internal map.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/fnmap.clj#19 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=fnmap+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
