#summary generic.collection API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for generic.collection=
by Konrad Hinsen

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.generic.collection))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Generic arithmetic interface 
This library defines generic versions of common 
collection-related functions as multimethods that can be 
defined for any type.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#assoc assoc] [#conj conj] [#dissoc dissoc] [#empty empty] [#get get] [#into into] [#seq seq] 

----
===assoc===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_assoc_ coll & key-val-pairs)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a new collection in which the values corresponding to the 
given keys are updated by the given values. Each type of collection 
can have specific restrictions on the possible keys.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#26 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=assoc+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===conj===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_conj_ coll & xs)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a new collection resulting from adding all xs to coll.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#42 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=conj+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===dissoc===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_dissoc_ coll & keys)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a new collection in which the entries corresponding to the 
given keys are removed. Each type of collection can have specific 
restrictions on the possible keys.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#54 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=dissoc+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===empty===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_empty_ coll)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns an empty collection of the same kind as the argument</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#68 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=empty+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===get===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_get_ coll key)
       (_get_ coll key not-found)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns the element of coll referred to by key. Each type of collection 
can have specific restrictions on the possible keys.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#80 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=get+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===into===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_into_ to from)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a new coll consisting of to-coll with all of the items of 
from-coll conjoined.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#95 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=into+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===seq===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_seq_ s)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a seq on the object s.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/generic/collection.clj#109 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=seq+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
