#summary greatest-least API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for greatest-least=
by Vincent Foley

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.greatest-least))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Various functions for finding greatest and least values in a collection</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#all-greatest all-greatest] [#all-greatest-by all-greatest-by] [#all-least all-least] [#all-least-by all-least-by] [#greatest greatest] [#greatest-by greatest-by] [#least least] [#least-by least-by] 

----
===all-greatest===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_all-greatest_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns all the greatest elements.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#52 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=all-greatest+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===all-greatest-by===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_all-greatest-by_ f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return all the elements for which f yields the greatest value.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#47 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=all-greatest-by+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===all-least===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_all-least_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns all the least elements.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#62 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=all-least+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===all-least-by===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_all-least-by_ f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return all the elements for which f yields the least value.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#57 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=all-least-by+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===greatest===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_greatest_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return the greatest argument.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#18 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=greatest+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===greatest-by===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_greatest-by_ f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return the argument for which f yields the greatest value.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#13 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=greatest-by+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===least===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_least_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return the smallest element.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=least+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===least-by===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_least-by_ f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Return the argument for which f yields the smallest value.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/greatest_least.clj#23 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=least-by+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
