#summary http.agent API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for http.agent=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.http.agent))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Agent-based asynchronous HTTP client.</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#http-agent http-agent] [#response-headers-seq response-headers-seq] 

----
===http-agent===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_http-agent_ url & options)*
</pre>
<pre> Creates (and immediately returns) an Agent representing an HTTP 
request running in a new thread. 
 
options are key/value pairs: 
 
:method string 
 
The HTTP method name.  Default is "GET". 
 
:headers h 
 
HTTP headers, as a Map or a sequence of pairs like  
(`[`key1,value1`]`, `[`key2,value2`]`)  Default is nil. 
 
:body b 
 
HTTP request entity body, one of nil, String, byte`[``]`, InputStream, 
Reader, or File.  Default is nil. 
 
:connect-timeout int 
 
Timeout value, in milliseconds, when opening a connection to the 
URL.  Default is zero, meaning no timeout. 
 
:read-timeout int 
 
Timeout value, in milliseconds, when reading data from the 
connection.  Default is zero, meaning no timeout. 
 
:follow-redirects boolean 
 
If true, HTTP 3xx redirects will be followed automatically.  Default 
is true. 
</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/http/agent.clj#51 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=http-agent+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===response-headers-seq===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_response-headers-seq_ http-agnt)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns the HTTP response headers in order as a sequence of 
`[`String,String`]` pairs.  The first 'header' name may be null for the 
HTTP status line.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/http/agent.clj#114 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=response-headers-seq+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
