#summary java-utils API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for java-utils=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.java-utils))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#as-file as-file] [#(_as-properties_m) as-properties] [#(_as-str_x) as-str] [#(_file_arg) file] [#(_get-system-property_stringable) get-system-property] [#(_read-properties_file-able) read-properties] [#relative-path-string relative-path-string] [#(_set-system-properties_settings) set-system-properties] [#(_with-system-properties_settings_&_body) with-system-properties] [#(_write-properties_m_file-able) write-properties] 

----
===_as-file_===
<pre> Interpret a String or a java.io.File as a File. Building block
for clojure.contrib.java-utils/file, which you should prefer
in most cases.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#51 Source]
----
===(_as-properties_ m)===
<pre> Convert any seq of pairs to a java.utils.Properties instance.
Uses as-str to convert both keys and values into strings.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#110 Source]
----
===(_as-str_ x)===
<pre> Returns the name or string representation of x</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#68 Source]
----
===(_file_ arg)===
===(_file_ parent child)===
===(_file_ parent child & more)===
<pre> Returns a java.io.File from string or file args.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#59 Source]
----
===(_get-system-property_ stringable)===
===(_get-system-property_ stringable default)===
<pre> Get a system property.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#75 Source]
----
===(_read-properties_ file-able)===
<pre> Read properties from file-able.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#120 Source]
----
===_relative-path-string_===
<pre> Interpret a String or java.io.File as a relative path string. 
Building block for clojure.contrib.java-utils/file.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#38 Source]
----
===(_set-system-properties_ settings)===
<pre> Set some system properties. Nil clears a property.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#82 Source]
----
===(_with-system-properties_ settings & body)===
====Macro====
<pre> setting => property-name value

 Sets the system properties to the supplied values, executes the body, and
sets the properties back to their original values. Values of nil are
translated to a clearing of the property.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#90 Source]
----
===(_write-properties_ m file-able)===
===(_write-properties_ m file-able comments)===
<pre> Write properties to file-able.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/java_utils.clj#127 Source]
