#summary javalog API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for javalog=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.javalog))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Convenient access to java.util.logging in Clojure</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#_*logger_* *logger*] [#add-log-file add-log-file] [#log log] [#log-level log-level] [#root-logger root-logger] [#set-console-log-level set-console-log-level] [#with-logger with-logger] 

----
===`*`logger`*`===
====var====
<pre> The current java.util.logging.Logger.  By default, the 
global logger, modified by 'with-logger'.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#42 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*logger*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-log-file===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-log-file_ logger-name filename)
       (_add-log-file_ logger-name filename level)*
</pre>
<pre> Attaches a log file, using SimpleFormatter, with the given level, 
to the named logger.  'level' defaults to ALL.  Note: multiple 
invocations will create multiple log files, with numbers appended to 
the names.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#86 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-log-file+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===log===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_log_ level & strings)*
</pre>
<pre> Logs a message to `*`logger`*`.  'level' is expanded with 'log-level'. 
Example: (log :severe "Bad argument: " object)</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#108 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=log+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===log-level===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_log-level_ level)*
</pre>
<pre> Translates 'level' (a lower-case keyword) into a static field of 
java.util.logging.Level, by name.   
 
Example: (log-level :severe)  `=`>  java.util.logging.Level.SEVERE 
 
If 'level' is not a keyword, it is assumed to be a user-defined 
instance of java.util.logging.Level and is returned unchanged.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#51 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=log-level+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===root-logger===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_root-logger_)
       (_root-logger_ logger)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns the root Logger instance.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#65 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=root-logger+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===set-console-log-level===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_set-console-log-level_ level)*
</pre>
<pre> Attempts to set the level of the current logger and the root 
ConsoleHandler to 'level' (a java.util.logging.Level).  Useful for 
debugging at the REPL.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#73 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=set-console-log-level+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===with-logger===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_with-logger_ logger-name level & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Executes 'body' with `*`logger`*` bound to a logger with the given name 
and level.  'level' is expanded with 'log-level'.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/javalog.clj#100 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=with-logger+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
