#summary json.write API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for json.write=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.json.write))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) generator. 
 
This library will generate JSON from the following types: 
 `*` nil 
 `*` all primitives (Boolean, Byte, Short, Integer, Long, Float, Double) 
 `*` String (actually any CharSequence) 
 `*` java.util.Map (including Clojure maps) 
 `*` java.util.Collection (including Clojure vectors, lists, and sets) 
 `*` Java arrays 
 
You can extend this library to handle new types by adding methods to 
print-json. 
 
This library does NOT attempt to preserve round-trip equality between 
JSON and Clojure data types. That is, if you write a JSON string with 
this library, then read it back with clojure.contrib.json.read, you 
won't necessarily get the exact same data structure.  For example, 
Clojure sets are written as JSON arrays, which will be read back as 
Clojure vectors. 
 
If you want indented output, try the clojure-json library at 
http://github.com/danlarkin/clojure-json 
 
This implementation attempts to follow the description of JSON at 
<http://json.org/>.  Maps become JSON objects, all other collections 
become JSON arrays.  JSON object keys are always converted to strings. 
Within strings, all non-ASCII characters are hexadecimal escaped.</pre>
See also: [http://json.org/ JSON Home Page]



==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#json-str json-str] [#print-json print-json] 

----
===json-str===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_json-str_ x)*
</pre>
<pre> Converts x to a JSON-formatted string.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/json/write.clj#138 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=json-str+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-json===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-json_ x)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints x as JSON.  Nil becomes JSON null.  Keywords become 
strings, without the leading colon.  Maps become JSON objects, all 
other collection types become JSON arrays.  Java arrays become JSON 
arrays.  Unicode characters in strings are escaped as \uXXXX. 
Numbers print as with pr.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/json/write.clj#50 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-json+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
