#summary json.read API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for json.read=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.json.read))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) parser 
 
For more information on JSON, see http://www.json.org/ 
 
This library parses data in JSON format.  This is a fairly strict 
implementation of JSON as described at json.org, not a full-fledged 
JavaScript parser.  JavaScript functions and object constructors 
are not supported.  Object field names must be quoted strings; they 
may not be bare symbols. 
 
If you want to convert map keys from strings to keywords, use 
clojure.contrib.walk/keywordize-keys</pre>
See also: [http://www.json.org JSON Home Page]



==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#*_json-keyword-keys_* *json-keyword-keys*] [#read-json read-json] 

----
===`*`json-keyword-keys`*`===
====var====
<pre> If true, JSON object keys will be converted to keywords 
instead of strings.  Defaults to false.  There are no checks that 
the strings form valid keywords.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/json/read.clj#55 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*json-keyword-keys*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===read-json===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_read-json_)
       (_read-json_ s)
       (_read-json_ stream eof-error? eof-value)*
</pre>
<pre> Read one JSON record from s, which may be a String or a 
java.io.PushbackReader.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/json/read.clj#143 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=read-json+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
