#summary lazy-xml API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for lazy-xml=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.lazy-xml))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#emit emit] [#emit-element emit-element] [#parse-seq parse-seq] [#parse-trim parse-trim] 

----
===emit===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_emit_ x & opts)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints an <?xml?> declaration line, and then calls emit-element</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml.clj#155 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=emit+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===emit-element===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_emit-element_ e & opts)*
</pre>
<pre> Recursively prints as XML text the element struct e.  To have it 
print extra whitespace like clojure.xml/emit, use the :pad true 
option.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml.clj#132 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=emit-element+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===parse-seq===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_parse-seq_ s)
       (_parse-seq_ s startparse)
       (_parse-seq_ s startparse queue-size)*
</pre>
<pre> Parses the source s, which can be a File, InputStream or String 
naming a URI. Returns a lazy sequence of maps with two or more of 
the keys :type, :name, :attrs, and :str. Other SAX-compatible 
parsers can be supplied by passing startparse, a fn taking a source 
and a ContentHandler and returning a parser. If a parser is 
specified, it will be run in a separate thread and be allowed to get 
ahead by queue-size items, which defaults to maxing.  If no parser 
is specified and org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser is in the classpath, 
this superior pull parser will be used.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml.clj#34 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=parse-seq+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===parse-trim===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_parse-trim_ s)
       (_parse-trim_ s startparse queue-size)*
</pre>
<pre> Parses the source s, which can be a File, InputStream or String 
naming a URI. Returns a lazy tree of the clojure.xml/element 
struct-map, which has the keys :tag, :attrs, and :content and 
accessor fns tag, attrs, and content, with the whitespace trimmed 
from around each content string. This format is compatible with what 
clojure.xml/parse produces, except :content is a lazy seq instead of 
a vector.  Other SAX-compatible parsers can be supplied by passing 
startparse, a fn taking a source and a ContentHandler and returning 
a parser. If a parser is specified, it will be run in a separate 
thread and be allowed to get ahead by queue-size items, which 
defaults to maxing.  If no parser is specified and 
org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser is in the classpath, this superior pull 
parser will be used.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml/clojure/contrib/lazy_xml.clj#109 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=parse-trim+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
