#summary miglayout.internal API Reference

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for miglayout.internal=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.miglayout.internal))
}}}
==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_component?_x) component?] [#(_constraint?_x) constraint?] [#(_format-constraint_c) format-constraint] [#(_format-constraints_&_constraints) format-constraints] [#(_parse-item-constraints_&_args) parse-item-constraints] 

----
===(_component?_ x)===
Returns true if x is a java.awt.Component
----
===(_constraint?_ x)===
Returns true if x is not a keyword-item or component
----
===(_format-constraint_ c)===
Returns a vector of vectors representing one or more constraints
separated by commas. Constraints may be specified in Clojure using
strings, keywords, vectors, maps, and/or sets.
----
===(_format-constraints_ & constraints)===
Returns a string representing all the constraints for one keyword-item
or component formatted for miglayout.
----
===(_parse-item-constraints_ & args)===
Iterates over args and builds a map containing values associated with
:keywords and :components. The value for :keywords is a map from keyword
items to constraints strings. The value for :components is a vector of
vectors each associating a component with its constraints string.
