#summary probabilities.dist API Reference

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for probabilities.dist=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.probabilities.dist))
}}}
==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_certainly_v) certainly] [#(_choose_&_choices) choose] [#_cond-dist-m_ cond-dist-m] [#(_cond-prob_pred_dist) cond-prob] [#_dist-m_ dist-m] [#(_join-with_f_dist1_dist2) join-with] [#(_normalize_weights) normalize] [#(_prob_pred_dist) prob] [#(_uniform_coll) uniform] 
----
===(_certainly_ v)===
Returns a distribution in which the single value v has probability 1.
----
===(_choose_ & choices)===
Construct a distribution from an explicit list of probabilities
and values. They are given in the form of a vector of probability-value
pairs. In the last pair, the probability can be given by the keyword
:else, which stands for 1 minus the total of the other probabilities.
----
===_cond-dist-m_===
Variant of the dist monad that can handle undefined values.
----
===(_cond-prob_ pred dist)===
Returns the conditional probability for the values in dist that satisfy
the predicate pred.
----
===_dist-m_===
Monad describing computations on fuzzy quantities, represented by a finite
probability distribution for the possible values. A distribution is
represented by a map from values to probabilities.
----
===(_join-with_ f dist1 dist2)===
Returns the distribution of (f x y) with x from dist1 and y from dist2.
----
===(_normalize_ weights)===
Convert a weight map (e.g. a map of counter values) to a distribution
by multiplying with a normalization factor. If the map has a key
:total, its value is assumed to be the sum over all the other values and
it is used for normalization. Otherwise, the sum is calculated
explicitly. The :total key is removed from the resulting distribution.
----
===(_prob_ pred dist)===
Return the probability that the predicate pred is satisfied in the
distribution dist, i.e. the sum of the probabilities of the values
that satisfy pred.
----
===(_uniform_ coll)===
Return a distribution in which each of the elements of coll
has the same probability.
