#summary prxml API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for prxml=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.prxml))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#*html-compatible* *html-compatible*] [#*prxml-indent* *prxml-indent*] [#prxml prxml] 

----
===`*`html-compatible`*`===
====var====
<pre> If true, empty tags will have a space before the closing /></pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/prxml/clojure/contrib/prxml.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*html-compatible*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===`*`prxml-indent`*`===
====var====
<pre> The number of spaces to indent sub-tags.  nil for no indent 
and no extra line-breaks.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/prxml/clojure/contrib/prxml.clj#32 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*prxml-indent*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===prxml===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_prxml_ & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Print XML to `*`out`*`.  Vectors become XML tags: the first item is the 
tag name; optional second item is a map of attributes. 
 
Sequences are processed recursively, so you can use map and other 
sequence functions inside prxml. 
 
  (prxml `[`:p {:class "greet"} `[`:i "Ladies & gentlemen"`]``]`) 
  ; => <p class="greet"><i>Ladies &amp; gentlemen</i></p> 
 
PSEUDO-TAGS: some keywords have special meaning: 
 
  :raw!      do not XML-escape contents 
  :comment!  create an XML comment 
  :decl!     create an XML declaration, with attributes 
  :cdata!    create a CDATA section 
  :doctype!  create a DOCTYPE! 
 
  (prxml `[`:p `[`:raw! "<i>here & gone</i>"`]``]`) 
  ; => <p><i>here & gone</i></p> 
 
  (prxml `[`:decl! {:version "1.1"}`]`) 
  ; => <?xml version="1.1" encoding="UTF-8"?></pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/prxml/clojure/contrib/prxml.clj#138 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=prxml+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
