#summary repl-utils API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for repl-utils=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.repl-utils))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#*local-javadocs* *local-javadocs*] [#*remote-javadocs* *remote-javadocs*] [#add-break-thread! add-break-thread!] [#add-local-javadoc add-local-javadoc] [#add-remote-javadoc add-remote-javadoc] [#break-threads break-threads] [#find-javadoc-url find-javadoc-url] [#get-source get-source] [#javadoc javadoc] [#show show] [#source source] [#start-handling-break start-handling-break] 

----
===`*`local-javadocs`*`===
====var====
<pre> Ref to a list of local paths for Javadoc-generated HTML
files.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#18 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*local-javadocs*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===`*`remote-javadocs`*`===
====var====
<pre> Ref to a map from package name prefixes to URLs for remote
Javadocs.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*remote-javadocs*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-break-thread!===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-break-thread!_)
       (_add-break-thread!_ t)*
</pre>
<pre> Add the given thread to break-threads so that it will be stopped
any time the user presses Ctrl-C.  Calls start-handling-break for
you.  Adds the current thread if none is given.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#139 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-break-thread!+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-local-javadoc===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-local-javadoc_ path)*
</pre>
<pre> Adds to the list of local Javadoc paths.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#43 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-local-javadoc+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-remote-javadoc===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-remote-javadoc_ package-prefix url)*
</pre>
<pre> Adds to the list of remote Javadoc URLs.  package-prefix is the
beginning of the package name that has docs at this URL.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#48 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-remote-javadoc+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===break-threads===
====var====
<pre> Threads to stop when Ctrl-C is pressed.  See 'add-break-thread!'</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#119 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=break-threads+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===find-javadoc-url===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_find-javadoc-url_ classname)*
</pre>
<pre> Searches for a URL for the given class name.  Tries
`*`local-javadocs`*` first, then `*`remote-javadocs`*`.  Returns a string.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#54 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=find-javadoc-url+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===get-source===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_get-source_ x)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a string of the source code for the given symbol, if it can
find it.  This requires that the symbol resolve to a Var defined in
a namespace for which the .clj is in the classpath.  Returns nil if
it can't find the source.  For most REPL usage, 'source' is more
convenient.

 Example: (get-source 'filter)</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#88 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=get-source+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===javadoc===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_javadoc_ class-or-object)*
</pre>
<pre> Opens a browser window displaying the javadoc for the argument.
Tries `*`local-javadocs`*` first, then `*`remote-javadocs`*`.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils/javadoc.clj#74 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=javadoc+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===show===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_show_ x)
       (_show_ x selector)*
</pre>
<pre> With one arg prints all static and instance members of x or (class x).
Each member is listed with a number which can be given as 'selector'
to return the member object -- the REPL will print more details for
that member.

 The selector also may be a string or regex, in which case only
members whose names match 'selector' as a case-insensitive regex
will be printed.

 Finally, the selector also may be a predicate, in which case only
members for which the predicate returns true will be printed.  The
predicate will be passed a single argument, a map that includes the
:text that will be printed and the :member object itself, as well as
all the properies of the member object as translated by 'bean'.

 Examples: (show Integer)  (show `[``]`)  (show String 23)  (show String "case")</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#53 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=show+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===source===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_source_ n)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints the source code for the given symbol, if it can find it.
This requires that the symbol resolve to a Var defined in a
namespace for which the .clj is in the classpath.

 Example: (source filter)</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#109 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=source+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===start-handling-break===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_start-handling-break_)*
</pre>
<pre> Register INT signal handler.  After calling this, Ctrl-C will cause
all break-threads to be stopped.  See 'add-break-thread!'</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj#122 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=start-handling-break+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
