#summary seq-utils API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for seq-utils=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.seq-utils))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_find-first_pred_coll) find-first] [#(_flatten_x) flatten] [#(_frequencies_coll) frequencies] [#(_group-by_f_coll) group-by] [#(_includes?_coll_x) includes?] [#(_indexed_s) indexed] [#(_partition-all_n_coll) partition-all] [#(_partition-by_f_coll) partition-by] [#(_rand-elt_s) rand-elt] [#(_rec-cat_binding-name_&_exprs) rec-cat] [#(_rec-seq_binding-name_&_body) rec-seq] [#(_reductions_f_coll) reductions] [#(_rotations_x) rotations] [#(_separate_f_s) separate] [#(_seq-on_s) seq-on] [#(_shuffle_coll) shuffle] 

----
===(_find-first_ pred coll)===
<pre> Returns the first item of coll for which (pred item) returns logical true.
Consumes sequences up to the first match, will consume the entire sequence
and return nil if no match is found.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#164 Source]
----
===(_flatten_ x)===
<pre> Takes any nested combination of sequential things (lists, vectors,
etc.) and returns their contents as a single, flat sequence.
(flatten nil) returns nil.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#29 Source]
----
===(_frequencies_ coll)===
<pre> Returns a map from distinct items in coll to the number of times
they appear.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#83 Source]
----
===(_group-by_ f coll)===
<pre> Returns a sorted map of the elements of coll keyed by the result of
f on each element. The value at each key will be a vector of the
corresponding elements, in the order they appeared in coll.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#60 Source]
----
===(_includes?_ coll x)===
<pre> Returns true if coll contains something equal (with =) to x,
in linear time.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#43 Source]
----
===(_indexed_ s)===
<pre> Returns a lazy sequence of `[`index, item`]` pairs, where items come
from 's' and indexes count up from zero.

 (indexed '(a b c d))  =>  (`[`0 a`]` `[`1 b`]` `[`2 c`]` `[`3 d`]`)</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#50 Source]
----
===(_partition-all_ n coll)===
===(_partition-all_ n step coll)===
<pre> Returns a lazy sequence of lists like clojure.core/partition, but may
include lists with fewer than n items at the end.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#129 Source]
----
===(_partition-by_ f coll)===
<pre> Applies f to each value in coll, splitting it each time f returns
a new value.  Returns a lazy seq of lazy seqs.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#73 Source]
----
===(_rand-elt_ s)===
<pre> Return a random element of this seq</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#146 Source]
----
===(_rec-cat_ binding-name & exprs)===
====Macro====
<pre> Similar to lazy-cat but binds the resulting sequence to the supplied 
binding-name, allowing for recursive expressions.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#100 Source]
----
===(_rec-seq_ binding-name & body)===
====Macro====
<pre> Similar to lazy-seq but binds the resulting seq to the supplied 
binding-name, allowing for recursive expressions.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#93 Source]
----
===(_reductions_ f coll)===
===(_reductions_ f init coll)===
<pre> Returns a lazy seq of the intermediate values of the reduction (as
per reduce) of coll by f, starting with init.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#109 Source]
----
===(_rotations_ x)===
<pre> Returns a lazy seq of all rotations of a seq</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#119 Source]
----
===(_separate_ f s)===
<pre> Returns a vector:
`[` (filter f s), (filter (complement f) s) `]`</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#37 Source]
----
===(_seq-on_ s)===
<pre> Returns a seq on the object s. Works like the built-in seq but as
a multimethod that can have implementations for new classes and types.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#153 Source]
----
===(_shuffle_ coll)===
<pre> Return a random permutation of coll</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/seq_utils.clj#139 Source]
