#summary set API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for set=
by Jason Wolfe

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.set))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Clojure functions for operating on sets (supplemental to clojure.set)</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#proper-subset? proper-subset?] [#proper-superset? proper-superset?] [#subset? subset?] [#superset? superset?] 

----
===proper-subset?===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_proper-subset?_ set1 set2)*
</pre>
<pre> Is s1 a proper subset of s2?</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/set.clj#35 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=proper-subset?+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===proper-superset?===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_proper-superset?_ set1 set2)*
</pre>
<pre> Is s1 a proper superset of s2?</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/set.clj#42 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=proper-superset?+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===subset?===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_subset?_ set1 set2)*
</pre>
<pre> Is set1 a subset of set2?</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/set.clj#21 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=subset?+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===superset?===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_superset?_ set1 set2)*
</pre>
<pre> Is set1 a superset of set2?</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/set.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=superset?+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
