#summary shell-out API Reference

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for shell-out=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.shell-out))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_sh_&_args) sh] 

----
===(_sh_ & args)===
Passes the given strings to Runtime.exec() to launch a sub-process.

Options are

:in    may be given followed by a String specifying text to be fed to the 
sub-process's stdin.  
:out   option may be given followed by :bytes or a String. If a String 
is given, it will be used as a character encoding name (for 
example "UTF-8" or "ISO-8859-1") to convert the 
sub-process's stdout to a String which is returned.
If :bytes is given, the sub-process's stdout will be stored in 
a byte array and returned.  Defaults to UTF-8.
:return-map
when followed by boolean true, sh returns a map of
:exit => sub-process's exit code
:out  => sub-process's stdout (as byte[] or String)
:err  => sub-process's stderr (as byte[] or String)
when not given or followed by false, sh returns a single
array or String of the sub-process's stdout followed by its
stderr
:env   override the process env with a map (or the underlying Java
String[] if you are a masochist).
:dir   override the process dir with a String or java.io.File.

You can bind :env or :dir for multiple operations using with-sh-env
and with-sh-dir.
