#summary singleton API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for singleton=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.singleton))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> Singleton functions</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#global-singleton global-singleton] [#per-thread-singleton per-thread-singleton] 

----
===global-singleton===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_global-singleton_ f)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a global singleton function.  f is a function of no 
arguments that creates and returns some object.  The singleton 
function will call f just once, the first time it is needed, and 
cache the value for all subsequent calls. 
 
Warning: global singletons are often unsafe in multi-threaded code. 
Consider per-thread-singleton instead.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/singleton.clj#28 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=global-singleton+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===per-thread-singleton===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_per-thread-singleton_ f)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a per-thread singleton function.  f is a function of no 
arguments that creates and returns some object.  The singleton 
function will call f only once for each thread, and cache its value 
for subsequent calls from the same thread.  This allows you to 
safely and lazily initialize shared objects on a per-thread basis. 
 
Warning: due to a bug in JDK 5, it may not be safe to use a 
per-thread-singleton in the initialization function for another 
per-thread-singleton.  See 
http://bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view`_`bug.do?bug`_`id=5025230</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/singleton.clj#41 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=per-thread-singleton+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
