#summary stacktrace API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for stacktrace=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.stacktrace))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#e e] [#print-cause-trace print-cause-trace] [#print-stack-trace print-stack-trace] [#print-throwable print-throwable] [#print-trace-element print-trace-element] [#root-cause root-cause] 

----
===e===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_e_)*
</pre>
<pre> REPL utility.  Prints a brief stack trace for the root cause of the
most recent exception.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#68 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=e+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-cause-trace===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-cause-trace_ tr)
       (_print-cause-trace_ tr n)*
</pre>
<pre> Like print-stack-trace but prints chained exceptions (causes).</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#59 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-cause-trace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-stack-trace===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-stack-trace_ tr)
       (_print-stack-trace_ tr n)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints a Clojure-oriented stack trace of tr, a Throwable.
Prints a maximum of n stack frames (default: unlimited).
Does not print chained exceptions (causes).</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#40 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-stack-trace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-throwable===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-throwable_ tr)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints the class and message of a Throwable.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#35 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-throwable+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===print-trace-element===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_print-trace-element_ e)*
</pre>
<pre> Prints a Clojure-oriented view of one element in a stack trace.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#24 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=print-trace-element+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===root-cause===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_root-cause_ tr)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns the last 'cause' Throwable in a chain of Throwables.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/stacktrace/clojure/contrib/stacktrace.clj#17 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=root-cause+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
