#summary str-utils2 API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for str-utils2=
by Stuart Sierra

Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.str-utils2))
}}}
==Overview==
<pre> This is a library of string manipulation functions.  It 
is intented as a replacement for clojure.contrib.str-utils. 
 
You cannot (use 'clojure.contrib.str-utils2) because it defines 
functions with the same names as functions in clojure.core. 
Instead, do (require '`[`clojure.contrib.str-utils2 :as s`]`)  
or something similar. 
 
Goals: 
  1. Be functional 
  2. String argument first, to work with -> 
  3. Performance linear in string length 
 
Some ideas are borrowed from 
http://github.com/francoisdevlin/devlinsf-clojure-utils/</pre>


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#blank? blank?] [#butlast butlast] [#chomp chomp] [#chop chop] [#dochars dochars] [#escape escape] [#join join] [#partition partition] [#replace replace] [#replace-first replace-first] [#tail tail] [#take take] 

----
===blank?===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_blank?_ s)*
</pre>
<pre> True if s is nil, empty, or contains only whitespace.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#68 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=blank?+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===butlast===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_butlast_ s n)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns s without the last n characters.  Returns an empty string 
if n is greater than the length of s.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#87 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=butlast+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===chomp===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_chomp_ s)*
</pre>
<pre> Removes all trailing newline \n or return \r characters from 
string.  Note: String.trim() is similar and faster.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#181 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=chomp+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===chop===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_chop_ s)*
</pre>
<pre> Removes the last character of string.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#176 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=chop+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===dochars===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_dochars_ bindings & body)*
</pre>
<pre> bindings `=`> `[`name string`]` 
Repeatedly executes body, with name bound to each character in 
string.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#36 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=dochars+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===escape===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_escape_ s cmap)*
</pre>
<pre> Escapes characters in string according to a cmap, a function or map 
from characters to their replacements.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#48 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=escape+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===join===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_join_ separator coll)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns a string of all elements in coll, separated by 
separator.  Like Perl's join.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#170 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=join+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===partition===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_partition_ s re)*
</pre>
<pre> Splits the string into a lazy sequence of substrings, alternating 
between substrings that match the patthern and the substrings 
between the matches.  The sequence always starts with the substring 
before the first match, or an empty string if the beginning of the 
string matches. 
 
For example: (partition "abc123def" #"`[`a-z`]`+") 
returns: ("" "abc" "123" "def")</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#149 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=partition+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===replace===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_replace_ s a b)*
</pre>
<pre> Replaces all instances of a in s with b.  a and b may be 
Characters, Strings, Pattern/String, or Pattern/Fn.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#102 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=replace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===replace-first===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_replace-first_ s a b)*
</pre>
<pre> Replaces the first instance of a in s with b.  a must be 
Pattern, b may be String or Fn.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#129 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=replace-first+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===tail===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_tail_ s n)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns the last n characters of s.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#95 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=tail+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===take===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_take_ s n)*
</pre>
<pre> Take first n characters from s, up to the length of s.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/str_utils2.clj#73 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=take+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
