#summary swing-utils API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for swing-utils=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:require clojure.contrib.swing-utils))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#action-translation-table action-translation-table] [#add-action-listener add-action-listener] [#add-key-typed-listener add-key-typed-listener] [#add-menu-item add-menu-item] [#do-swing do-swing] [#do-swing_* do-swing*] [#do-swing-and-wait do-swing-and-wait] [#make-action make-action] [#make-menubar make-menubar] [#menu-constructor-dispatch menu-constructor-dispatch] 

----
===action-translation-table===
====var====
<pre> Translation table for the make-action constructor.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#70 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=action-translation-table+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-action-listener===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-action-listener_ component f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Adds an ActionLister to component. When the action fires, f will be 
invoked with the event as its first argument followed by args. 
Returns the listener.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#23 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-action-listener+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-key-typed-listener===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-key-typed-listener_ component f & args)*
</pre>
<pre> Adds a KeyListener to component that only responds to KeyTyped events. 
When a key is typed, f is invoked with the KeyEvent as its first argument 
followed by args. Returns the listener.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#33 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-key-typed-listener+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===add-menu-item===
====multimethod====
<pre>
Usage: *(_add-menu-item_ parent item)*
</pre>
<pre> Adds a menu item to the parent according to the item description. 
  The item description is a map of the following structure. 
 
Either: 
  - one single :action specifying a javax.swing.Action to be associated 
    with the item. 
  - a specification suitable for make-action 
  - a set of :name, :mnemonic and :items keys, specifying a submenu with 
    the given sequence of item entries. 
  - an empty map specifying a separator.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#101 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=add-menu-item+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===do-swing===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_do-swing_ & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Executes body in the Swing event thread asynchronously. Returns 
immediately after scheduling the execution.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#58 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=do-swing+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===do-swing`*`===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_do-swing`*`_ schedule thunk)*
</pre>
<pre> Runs thunk in the Swing event thread according to schedule: 
- :later `=`> schedule the execution and return immediately 
- :now   `=`> wait until the execution completes.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#46 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=do-swing*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===do-swing-and-wait===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_do-swing-and-wait_ & body)*
</pre>
<pre> Executes body in the Swing event thread synchronously. Returns 
after the execution is complete.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#64 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=do-swing-and-wait+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===make-action===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_make-action_ spec)*
</pre>
<pre> Create an Action proxy from the given action spec. The standard keys 
recognised are: :name, :accelerator, :command-key, :long-desc, 
:short-desc, :mnemonic and :icon - corresponding to the similar named 
Action properties.  The :handler value is used in the actionPerformed 
method of the proxy to pass on the event.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#80 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=make-action+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===make-menubar===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_make-menubar_ menubar-items)*
</pre>
<pre> Create a menubar containing the given sequence of menu items. The menu 
items are described by a map as is detailed in the docstring of the 
add-menu-item function.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#142 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=make-menubar+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===menu-constructor-dispatch===
====var====
<pre> An atom containing the dispatch set for the add-menu-item method.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/swing_utils.clj#97 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=menu-constructor-dispatch+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
