#summary trace API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for trace=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.trace))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#*trace-depth* *trace-depth*] [#deftrace deftrace] [#trace trace] [#trace-fn-call trace-fn-call] [#trace-indent trace-indent] [#tracer tracer] 

----
===`*`trace-depth`*`===
====var====
<pre> Current stack depth of traced function calls.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#36 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=*trace-depth*+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===deftrace===
====macro====
<pre>
Usage: *(_deftrace_ name & definition)*
</pre>
<pre> Use in place of defn; traces each call/return of this fn, including
 arguments.  Nested calls to deftrace'd functions will print a
 tree-like structure.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#71 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=deftrace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===trace===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_trace_ value)
       (_trace_ name value)*
</pre>
<pre> Sends name (optional) and value to the tracer function, then
 returns value.  May be wrapped around any expression without
 affecting the result.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#46 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=trace+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===trace-fn-call===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_trace-fn-call_ name f args)*
</pre>
<pre> Traces a single call to a function f with args.  'name' is the
 symbol name of the function.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#60 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=trace-fn-call+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===trace-indent===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_trace-indent_)*
</pre>
<pre> Returns an indentation string based on `*`trace-depth`*`</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#55 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=trace-indent+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
----
===tracer===
====function====
<pre>
Usage: *(_tracer_ name value)*
</pre>
<pre> This function is called by trace.  Prints to standard output, but
 may be rebound to do anything you like.  'name' is optional.</pre>

[http://code.google.com/p/clojure-contrib/source/browse/trunk/src/clojure/contrib/trace/clojure/contrib/trace.clj#40 Source] [http://www.google.com/codesearch?hl=en&lr=&q=tracer+package%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fclojure-contrib\.googlecode\.com&sbtn=Search Search for references in contrib]
