#summary walk API Reference
#sidebar ApiDocSidebar

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for walk=
Usage: 
{{{
(ns <your-namespace>
  (:use clojure.contrib.walk))
}}}


==Public Variables and Functions==
Shortcuts:
[#(_keywordize-keys_m) keywordize-keys] [#(_macroexpand-all_form) macroexpand-all] [#(_postwalk_f_form) postwalk] [#(_postwalk-demo_form) postwalk-demo] [#(_postwalk-replace_smap_form) postwalk-replace] [#(_prewalk_f_form) prewalk] [#(_prewalk-demo_form) prewalk-demo] [#(_prewalk-replace_smap_form) prewalk-replace] [#(_stringify-keys_m) stringify-keys] [#(_walk_inner_outer_form) walk] 

----
===(_keywordize-keys_ m)===
<pre>Recursively transforms all map keys from strings to keywords.</pre>
----
===(_macroexpand-all_ form)===
<pre>Recursively performs all possible macroexpansions in form.</pre>
----
===(_postwalk_ f form)===
<pre>Performs a depth-first, post-order traversal of form.  Calls f on
each sub-form, uses f's return value in place of the original.
Recognizes all Clojure data structures except sorted-map-by.
Consumes seqs as with doall.</pre>
----
===(_postwalk-demo_ form)===
<pre>Demonstrates the behavior of postwalk by printing each form as it is
walked.  Returns form.</pre>
----
===(_postwalk-replace_ smap form)===
<pre>Recursively transforms form by replacing keys in smap with their
values.  Like clojure/replace but works on any data structure.  Does
replacement at the leaves of the tree first.</pre>
----
===(_prewalk_ f form)===
<pre>Like postwalk, but does pre-order traversal.</pre>
----
===(_prewalk-demo_ form)===
<pre>Demonstrates the behavior of prewalk by printing each form as it is
walked.  Returns form.</pre>
----
===(_prewalk-replace_ smap form)===
<pre>Recursively transforms form by replacing keys in smap with their
values.  Like clojure/replace but works on any data structure.  Does
replacement at the root of the tree first.</pre>
----
===(_stringify-keys_ m)===
<pre>Recursively transforms all map keys from keywords to strings.</pre>
----
===(_walk_ inner outer form)===
<pre>Traverses form, an arbitrary data structure.  inner and outer are
functions.  Applies inner to each element of form, building up a
data structure of the same type, then applies outer to the result.
Recognizes all Clojure data structures except sorted-map-by.
Consumes seqs as with doall.</pre>
