#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.repl-utils

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.repl-utils=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#*core-java-api*]]
----
===(_*core-java-api*_)===
[[#*feeling-lucky*]]
----
===(_*feeling-lucky*_)===
[[#*feeling-lucky-url*]]
----
===(_*feeling-lucky-url*_)===
[[#*local-javadocs*]]
----
===(_*local-javadocs*_)===
Ref to a list of local paths for Javadoc-generated HTML
  files.
[[#*remote-javadocs*]]
----
===(_*remote-javadocs*_)===
Ref to a map from package name prefixes to URLs for remote
  Javadocs.
[[#add-break-thread]]
----
===(_add-break-thread!_)===
===(_add-break-thread!_ t)===
Add the given thread to break-threads so that it will be stopped
  any time the user presses Ctrl-C.  Calls start-handling-break for
  you.  Adds the current thread if none is given.
[[#add-local-javadoc]]
----
===(_add-local-javadoc_ path)===
Adds to the list of local Javadoc paths.
[[#add-remote-javadoc]]
----
===(_add-remote-javadoc_ package-prefix url)===
Adds to the list of remote Javadoc URLs.  package-prefix is the
  beginning of the package name that has docs at this URL.
[[#break-threads]]
----
===(_break-threads_)===
Threads to stop when Ctrl-C is pressed.  See 'add-break-thread!'
[[#find-javadoc-url]]
----
===(_find-javadoc-url_ classname)===
Searches for a URL for the given class name.  Tries
  *local-javadocs* first, then *remote-javadocs*.  Returns a string.
[[#get-source]]
----
===(_get-source_ x)===
Returns a string of the source code for the given symbol, if it can
  find it.  This requires that the symbol resolve to a Var defined in
  a namespace for which the .clj is in the classpath.  Returns nil if
  it can't find the source.  For most REPL usage, 'source' is more
  convenient.
  
  Example: (get-source 'filter)
[[#javadoc]]
----
===(_javadoc_ class-or-object)===
Opens a browser window displaying the javadoc for the argument.
  Tries *local-javadocs* first, then *remote-javadocs*.
[[#show]]
----
===(_show_ x)===
===(_show_ x selector)===
With one arg prints all static and instance members of x or (class x).
  Each member is listed with a number which can be given as 'selector'
  to return the member object -- the REPL will print more details for
  that member.

  The selector also may be a string or regex, in which case only
  members whose names match 'selector' as a case-insensitive regex
  will be printed.

  Finally, the selector also may be a predicate, in which case only
  members for which the predicate returns true will be printed.  The
  predicate will be passed a single argument, a map that includes the
  :text that will be printed and the :member object itself, as well as
  all the properies of the member object as translated by 'bean'.

  Examples: (show Integer)  (show [])  (show String 23)  (show String "case")
[[#source]]
----
===(_source_ n)===
====Macro====
Prints the source code for the given symbol, if it can find it.
  This requires that the symbol resolve to a Var defined in a
  namespace for which the .clj is in the classpath.
  
  Example: (source filter)
[[#start-handling-break]]
----
===(_start-handling-break_)===
Register INT signal handler.  After calling this, Ctrl-C will cause
  all break-threads to be stopped.  See 'add-break-thread!'
