#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.zip-filter

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.zip-filter=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#ancestors]]
----
===(_ancestors_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of all ancestors of location loc, starting
  with loc and proceeding to loc's parent node and on through to the
  root of the tree.
[[#auto]]
----
===(_auto_ v x)===
[[#auto?]]
----
===(_auto?_ x)===
[[#children]]
----
===(_children_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of all immediate children of location loc,
  left-to-right.
[[#children-auto]]
----
===(_children-auto_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of all immediate children of location loc,
  left-to-right, marked so that a following tag= predicate will auto-descend.
[[#descendants]]
----
===(_descendants_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of all descendants of location loc, in
  depth-first order, left-to-right, starting with loc.
[[#left-locs]]
----
===(_left-locs_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of locations to the left of loc, starting with loc.
[[#leftmost?]]
----
===(_leftmost?_ loc)===
Returns true if there are no more nodes to the left of location loc.
[[#mapcat-chain]]
----
===(_mapcat-chain_ loc preds mkpred)===
[[#right-locs]]
----
===(_right-locs_ loc)===
Returns a lazy sequence of locations to the right of loc, starting with loc.
[[#rightmost?]]
----
===(_rightmost?_ loc)===
Returns true if there are no more nodes to the right of location loc.
