#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.stream-utils

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.stream-utils=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#defst]]
----
===(_defst_ name args streams & body)===
====Macro====
Define the stream transformer name by body.
   The non-stream arguments args and the stream arguments streams
   are given separately, with args being possibly empty.
[[#defstream]]
----
===(_defstream_ type-tag args & body)===
====Macro====
Define object of the given type as a stream whose implementation
   of stream-next is defined by args and body. This macro adds
   a type-specific method for stream-next and derives type
   from stream-type.
[[#pick]]
----
===(_pick_ n)===
Return the next value of stream argument n inside a stream
   transformer. When used inside of defst, the name of the stream
   argument can be used instead of its index n.
[[#pick-all]]
----
===(_pick-all_ streams)===
Return a vector containing the next value of each stream argument
   inside a stream transformer.
[[#st-as-stream]]
----
===(_st-as-stream_)===
[[#stream-drop]]
----
===(_stream-drop_ n stream)===
Return a stream containing all but the first n elements of stream.
[[#stream-filter]]
----
===(_stream-filter_ p stream)===
Return a new stream that contrains the elements of stream
   that satisfy the predicate p.
[[#stream-flatten]]
----
===(_stream-flatten_ s)===
Converts a stream of sequences into a stream of the elements of the
   sequences. Flattening is not recursive, only one level of nesting
   will be removed.
[[#stream-m]]
----
===(_stream-m_)===
Monad describing stream computations. The monadic values can be
   of any type handled by stream-next.
[[#stream-map]]
----
===(_stream-map_ f stream)===
Return a new stream by mapping the function f on the given stream.
[[#stream-next]]
----
===(_stream-next_ stream-state)===
Returns a vector [next-value new-state] where next-value is the next
   item in the data stream defined by stream-state and new-state
   is the new state of the stream. At the end of the stream,
   next-value and new-state are nil.
[[#stream-seq]]
----
===(_stream-seq_ s)===
Return a lazy seq on the stream. Also accessible via
   clojure.contrib.seq-utils/seq-on and
   clojure.contrib.generic.collection/seq for streams.
[[#stream-type]]
----
===(_stream-type_)===
The root type for the stream hierarchy. For each stream type,
   add a derivation from this type.
