#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.str-utils

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.str-utils=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#chomp]]
----
===(_chomp_ s)===
Removes all trailing newline  or return \r characters from
  string.  Note: String.trim() is similar and faster.
[[#chop]]
----
===(_chop_ s)===
Removes the last character of string.
[[#re-gsub]]
----
===(_re-gsub_ regex replacement string)===
Replaces all instances of 'pattern' in 'string' with
  'replacement'.  Like Ruby's 'String#gsub'.
  
  If (ifn? replacment) is true, the replacement is called with the
  match.
  
[[#re-partition]]
----
===(_re-partition_ re string)===
Splits the string into a lazy sequence of substrings, alternating
  between substrings that match the patthern and the substrings
  between the matches.  The sequence always starts with the substring
  before the first match, or an empty string if the beginning of the
  string matches.

  For example: (re-partition #"[a-z]+" "abc123def")

  Returns: ("" "abc" "123" "def")
[[#re-split]]
----
===(_re-split_ pattern string)===
===(_re-split_ pattern string limit)===
Splits the string on instances of 'pattern'.  Returns a sequence of
  strings.  Optional 'limit' argument is the maximum number of
  splits.  Like Perl's 'split'.
[[#re-sub]]
----
===(_re-sub_ regex replacement string)===
Replaces the first instance of 'pattern' in 'string' with
  'replacement'.  Like Ruby's 'String#sub'.
  
  If (ifn? replacement) is true, the replacement is called with
  the match.
  
[[#str-join]]
----
===(_str-join_ separator sequence)===
Returns a string of all elements in 'sequence', separated by
  'separator'.  Like Perl's 'join'.
