#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.sql

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.sql=
==Public Variables and Functions==
----
===(_connection_)===
Returns the current database connection (or throws if there is none)
----
===(_create-table_ name & specs)===
Creates a table on the open database connection given a table name and
specs. Each spec is either a column spec: a vector containing a column
name and optionally a type and other constraints, or a table-level
constraint: a vector containing words that express the constraint. All
words used to describe the table may be supplied as strings or keywords.
----
===(_delete-rows_ table where-params)===
Deletes rows from a table. where-params is a vector containing a string
providing the (optionally parameterized) selection criteria followed by
values for any parameters.
----
===(_do-commands_ & commands)===
Executes SQL commands on the open database connection.
----
===(_do-prepared_ sql & param-groups)===
Executes an (optionally parameterized) SQL prepared statement on the
open database connection. Each param-group is a seq of values for all of
the parameters.
----
===(_drop-table_ name)===
Drops a table on the open database connection given its name, a string
or keyword
----
===(_find-connection_)===
Returns the current database connection (or nil if there is none)
----
===(_insert-records_ table & records)===
Inserts records into a table. records are maps from strings or
keywords (identifying columns) to values.
----
===(_insert-rows_ table & rows)===
Inserts complete rows into a table. Each row is a vector of values for
each of the table's columns in order.
----
===(_insert-values_ table column-names & value-groups)===
Inserts rows into a table with values for specified columns only.
column-names is a vector of strings or keywords identifying columns. Each
value-group is a vector containing a values for each column in
order. When inserting complete rows (all columns), consider using
insert-rows instead.
----
===(_is-rollback-only_)===
Returns true if the outermost transaction will rollback rather than
commit when complete
----
===(_set-rollback-only_)===
Marks the outermost transaction such that it will rollback rather than
commit when complete
----
===(_transaction_ & body)===
====Macro====
Evaluates body as a transaction on the open database connection. Any
nested transactions are absorbed into the outermost transaction. By
default, all database updates are committed together as a group after
evaluating the outermost body, or rolled back on any uncaught
exception. If set-rollback-only is called within scope of the outermost
transaction, the entire transaction will be rolled back rather than
committed when complete.
----
===(_update-or-insert-values_ table where-params record)===
Updates values on selected rows in a table, or inserts a new row when no
existing row matches the selection criteria. where-params is a vector
containing a string providing the (optionally parameterized) selection
criteria followed by values for any parameters. record is a map from
strings or keywords (identifying columns) to updated values.
----
===(_update-values_ table where-params record)===
Updates values on selected rows in a table. where-params is a vector
containing a string providing the (optionally parameterized) selection
criteria followed by values for any parameters. record is a map from
strings or keywords (identifying columns) to updated values.
----
===(_with-connection_ db-spec & body)===
====Macro====
Evaluates body in the context of a new connection to a database then
closes the connection. db-spec is a map containing values for one of the
following parameter sets:
DataSource:
:datasource  (required) a javax.sql.DataSource
:username    (optional) a String
:password    (optional) a String
DriverManager:
:classname   (required) a String, the jdbc driver class name
:subprotocol (required) a String, the jdbc subprotocol
:subname     (required) a String, the jdbc subname
(others)     (optional) passed to the driver as properties.
----
===(_with-query-results_ results sql-params & body)===
====Macro====
Executes a query, then evaluates body with results bound to a seq of the
results. sql-params is a vector containing a string providing
the (optionally parameterized) SQL query followed by values for any
parameters.
