#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.test-is

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.test-is=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#*initial-report-counters*]]
----
===(_*initial-report-counters*_)===
[[#*load-tests*]]
----
===(_*load-tests*_)===
True by default.  If set to false, no test functions will
   be created by deftest, set-test, or with-test.  Use this to omit
   tests when compiling or loading production code.
[[#*report-counters*]]
----
===(_*report-counters*_)===
[[#*stack-trace-depth*]]
----
===(_*stack-trace-depth*_)===
The maximum depth of stack traces to print when an Exception
  is thrown during a test.  Defaults to nil, which means print the 
  complete stack trace.
[[#*testing-contexts*]]
----
===(_*testing-contexts*_)===
[[#*testing-vars*]]
----
===(_*testing-vars*_)===
[[#are]]
----
===(_are_ expr & args)===
====Macro====
Checks multiple assertions with a template expression.
  See clojure.contrib.template/do-template for an explanation of
  templates.

  Example: (are (= _1 _2)  
                2 (+ 1 1)
                4 (* 2 2))
  Expands to: 
           (do (is (= 2 (+ 1 1)))
               (is (= 4 (* 2 2))))

  Note: This breaks some reporting features, such as line numbers.
[[#assert-any]]
----
===(_assert-any_ msg form)===
Returns generic assertion code for any test, including macros, Java
  method calls, or isolated symbols.
[[#assert-expr]]
----
===(_assert-expr_)===
[[#assert-predicate]]
----
===(_assert-predicate_ msg form)===
Returns generic assertion code for any functional predicate.  The
  'expected' argument to 'report' will contains the original form, the
  'actual' argument will contain the form with all its sub-forms
  evaluated.  If the predicate returns false, the 'actual' form will
  be wrapped in (not...).
[[#compose-fixtures]]
----
===(_compose-fixtures_ f1 f2)===
Composes two fixture functions, creating a new fixture function
  that combines their behavior.
[[#deftest]]
----
===(_deftest_ name & body)===
====Macro====
Defines a test function with no arguments.  Test functions may call
  other tests, so tests may be composed.  If you compose tests, you
  should also define a function named test-ns-hook; run-tests will
  call test-ns-hook instead of testing all vars.

  Note: Actually, the test body goes in the :test metadata on the var,
  and the real function (the value of the var) calls test-var on
  itself.

  When *load-tests* is false, deftest is ignored.
[[#deftest-]]
----
===(_deftest-_ name & body)===
====Macro====
Like deftest but creates a private var.
[[#file-position]]
----
===(_file-position_ n)===
Returns a vector [filename line-number] for the nth call up the
  stack.
[[#function?]]
----
===(_function?_ x)===
Returns true if argument is a function or a symbol that resolves to
  a function (not a macro).
[[#get-possibly-unbound-var]]
----
===(_get-possibly-unbound-var_ v)===
Like var-get but returns nil if the var is unbound.
[[#inc-report-counter]]
----
===(_inc-report-counter_ name)===
Increments the named counter in *report-counters*, a ref to a map.
  Does nothing if *report-counters* is nil.
[[#is]]
----
===(_is_ form)===
===(_is_ form msg)===
====Macro====
Generic assertion macro.  'form' is any predicate test.
  'msg' is an optional message to attach to the assertion.
  
  Example: (is (= 4 (+ 2 2)) "Two plus two should be 4")

  Special forms:

  (is (thrown? c body)) checks that an instance of c is thrown from
  body, fails if not; then returns the thing thrown.

  (is (thrown-with-msg? c re body)) checks that an instance of c is
  thrown AND that the message on the exception matches (with
  re-matches) the regular expression re.
[[#join-fixtures]]
----
===(_join-fixtures_ fixtures)===
Composes a collection of fixtures, in order.  Always returns a valid
  fixture function, even if the collection is empty.
[[#print-results]]
----
===(_print-results_ r)===
Prints formatted results message based on the reported counts
  returned by test-ns.
[[#report]]
----
===(_report_)===
Handles the result of a single assertion.  'event' is one
   of :pass, :fail, or :error.  'msg' is a comment string associated
   with the assertion.  'expected' and 'actual' are quoted forms,
   which will be rendered with pr-str.

   Special case: if 'event' is :info, just the 'msg' will be
   printed.

   You can rebind this function during testing to plug in your own
   test-reporting framework.
[[#run-all-tests]]
----
===(_run-all-tests_)===
Runs all tests in all namespaces; prints results.
[[#run-tests]]
----
===(_run-tests_)===
===(_run-tests_ & namespaces)===
Runs all tests in the given namespaces; prints results.
  Defaults to current namespace if none given.
[[#set-test]]
----
===(_set-test_ name & body)===
====Macro====
Experimental.
  Sets :test metadata of the named var to a fn with the given body.
  The var must already exist.  Does not modify the value of the var.

  When *load-tests* is false, set-test is ignored.
[[#test-all-vars]]
----
===(_test-all-vars_ ns)===
Calls test-var on every var interned in the namespace, with fixtures.
[[#test-ns]]
----
===(_test-ns_ ns)===
If the namespace defines a function named test-ns-hook, calls that.
  Otherwise, calls test-all-vars on the namespace.  'ns' is a
  namespace object or a symbol.

  Internally binds *report-counters* to a ref initialized to
  *inital-report-counters*.  Returns the final, dereferenced state of
  *report-counters*.
[[#test-var]]
----
===(_test-var_ v)===
If v has a function in its :test metadata, calls that function,
  with *testing-vars* bound to (conj *testing-vars* v).
[[#testing]]
----
===(_testing_ string & body)===
====Macro====
Adds a new string to the list of testing contexts.  May be nested,
  but must occur inside a test function (deftest).
[[#testing-contexts-str]]
----
===(_testing-contexts-str_)===
Returns a string representation of the current test context. Joins
  strings in *testing-contexts* with spaces.
[[#testing-vars-str]]
----
===(_testing-vars-str_)===
Returns a string representation of the current test.  Renders names
  in *testing-vars* as a list, then the source file and line of
  current assertion.
[[#try-expr]]
----
===(_try-expr_ msg form)===
====Macro====
Used by the 'is' macro to catch unexpected exceptions.
  You don't call this.
[[#use-fixtures]]
----
===(_use-fixtures_)===
[[#with-test]]
----
===(_with-test_ definition & body)===
====Macro====
Takes any definition form (that returns a Var) as the first argument.
  Remaining body goes in the :test metadata function for that Var.

  When *load-tests* is false, only evaluates the definition, ignoring
  the tests.
