#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.java-utils

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.java-utils=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#as-file]]
----
===(_as-file_)===
Interpret a String or a java.io.File as a File. Building block
   for clojure.contrib.java-utils/file, which you should prefer
   in most cases.
[[#as-properties]]
----
===(_as-properties_ m)===
Convert any seq of pairs to a java.utils.Properties instance.
   Uses as-str to convert both keys and values into strings.
[[#as-str]]
----
===(_as-str_ x)===
Returns the name or string representation of x
[[#file]]
----
===(_file_ arg)===
===(_file_ parent child)===
===(_file_ parent child & more)===
Returns a java.io.File from string or file args.
[[#get-system-property]]
----
===(_get-system-property_ stringable)===
===(_get-system-property_ stringable default)===
Get a system property.
[[#read-properties]]
----
===(_read-properties_ file-able)===
Read properties from file-able.
[[#relative-path-string]]
----
===(_relative-path-string_)===
Interpret a String or java.io.File as a relative path string. 
   Building block for clojure.contrib.java-utils/file.
[[#set-system-properties]]
----
===(_set-system-properties_ settings)===
Set some system properties. Nil clears a property.
[[#with-system-properties]]
----
===(_with-system-properties_ settings & body)===
====Macro====
setting => property-name value

  Sets the system properties to the supplied values, executes the body, and
  sets the properties back to their original values. Values of nil are
  translated to a clearing of the property.
[[#write-properties]]
----
===(_write-properties_ m file-able)===
===(_write-properties_ m file-able comments)===
Write properties to file-able.
