#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.pprint

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.pprint=
==Overview==
This module comprises two elements:
 # A pretty printer for Clojure data structures, implemented in the function "pprint"
 # A Common Lisp compatible format function, implemented as "cl-format" because Clojure is using the name "format" for its own format.

The most complete documentation can be found at http://github.com/tomfaulhaber/cl-format
where the markdown README is currently displayed. I will be moving it into the 
clojure.contrib wiki RSN.


==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#*code-dispatch*]]
----
===(_*code-dispatch*_)===
[[#*code-table*]]
----
===(_*code-table*_)===
[[#*print-circle*]]
----
===(_*print-circle*_)===
Mark circular structures (N.B. This is not yet used)
[[#*print-lines*]]
----
===(_*print-lines*_)===
Maximum number of lines to print in a pretty print instance (N.B. This is not yet used)
[[#*print-miser-width*]]
----
===(_*print-miser-width*_)===
The column at which to enter miser style. Depending on the dispatch table, 
miser style add newlines in more places to try to keep lines short allowing for further 
levels of nesting.
[[#*print-pprint-dispatch*]]
----
===(_*print-pprint-dispatch*_)===
The pretty print dispatch table
[[#*print-pretty*]]
----
===(_*print-pretty*_)===
Bind to true if you want write to use pretty printing
[[#*print-right-margin*]]
----
===(_*print-right-margin*_)===
Pretty printing will try to avoid anything going beyond this column.
[[#*print-shared*]]
----
===(_*print-shared*_)===
Mark repeated structures rather than repeat them (N.B. This is not yet used)
[[#*print-suppress-namespaces*]]
----
===(_*print-suppress-namespaces*_)===
Don't print namespaces with symbols. This is particularly useful when 
pretty printing the results of macro expansions
[[#*simple-dispatch*]]
----
===(_*simple-dispatch*_)===
[[#*symbol-map*]]
----
===(_*symbol-map*_)===
[[#add-core-ns]]
----
===(_add-core-ns_ amap)===
[[#cl-format]]
----
===(_cl-format_ stream format-in & args)===
An implementation of a Common Lisp compatible format function
[[#compile-format]]
----
===(_compile-format_ format-str)===
Compiles format-str into a compiled format which can be used as an argument
to cl-format just like a plain format string. Use this function for improved 
performance when you're using the same format string repeatedly
[[#compiled-format3009]]
----
===(_compiled-format3009_)===
[[#compiled-format3047]]
----
===(_compiled-format3047_)===
[[#compiled-format3061]]
----
===(_compiled-format3061_)===
[[#compiled-format3080]]
----
===(_compiled-format3080_)===
[[#compiled-format3094]]
----
===(_compiled-format3094_)===
[[#compiled-format3191]]
----
===(_compiled-format3191_)===
[[#compiled-format3204]]
----
===(_compiled-format3204_)===
[[#compiled-format3209]]
----
===(_compiled-format3209_)===
[[#compiled-format3214]]
----
===(_compiled-format3214_)===
[[#compiled-format3231]]
----
===(_compiled-format3231_)===
[[#compiled-format3318]]
----
===(_compiled-format3318_)===
[[#compiled-format3376]]
----
===(_compiled-format3376_)===
[[#execute-format]]
----
===(_execute-format_ stream format args)===
[[#formatter]]
----
===(_formatter_ format-in)===
====Macro====
Makes a function which can directly run format-in. The function is
fn [stream & args] ... and returns nil unless the stream is nil (meaning 
output to a string) in which case it returns the resulting string.

format-in can be either a control string or a previously compiled format.
[[#fresh-line]]
----
===(_fresh-line_)===
[[#init-navigator]]
----
===(_init-navigator_ s)===
[[#make-pretty-writer]]
----
===(_make-pretty-writer_ base-writer right-margin miser-width)===
[[#pp]]
----
===(_pp_)===
====Macro====
A convenience macro that pretty prints the last thing output. This is
exactly equivalent to (pprint *1).
[[#pprint]]
----
===(_pprint_ object & more)===
Pretty print object to the optional output writer. If the writer is not provided, 
print the object to the currently bound value of *out*.
[[#pprint-agent]]
----
===(_pprint-agent_ writer ref)===
[[#pprint-anon-func]]
----
===(_pprint-anon-func_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-array]]
----
===(_pprint-array_)===
[[#pprint-atom]]
----
===(_pprint-atom_ writer ref)===
[[#pprint-binding-form]]
----
===(_pprint-binding-form_ writer binding-vec)===
[[#pprint-code-list]]
----
===(_pprint-code-list_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-code-symbol]]
----
===(_pprint-code-symbol_ writer sym)===
[[#pprint-cond]]
----
===(_pprint-cond_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-condp]]
----
===(_pprint-condp_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-defn]]
----
===(_pprint-defn_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-hold-first]]
----
===(_pprint-hold-first_)===
[[#pprint-if]]
----
===(_pprint-if_)===
[[#pprint-indent]]
----
===(_pprint-indent_ relative-to n & more)===
Create an indent at this point in the pretty printing stream. This defines how 
following lines are indented. relative-to can be either :block or :current depending 
whether the indent should be computed relative to the start of the logical block or
the current column position. n is an offset. 

Optionally, a third argument which is a stream may be used. If supplied, that is 
the writer indented, otherwise *out* is used.

If the requested stream is not a PrettyWriter, this function does nothing.
[[#pprint-let]]
----
===(_pprint-let_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-list]]
----
===(_pprint-list_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-logical-block]]
----
===(_pprint-logical-block_ base-stream & body)===
====Macro====
Execute the body as a pretty printing logical block with output to *out* which 
is a pretty printing writer wrapping base-stream (unless base-stream is already a pretty 
printing writer in which case *out* is just bound to base-stream). 

After the writer, the caller can optionally specify :prefix, :per-line-prefix, and
:suffix.
[[#pprint-map]]
----
===(_pprint-map_)===
[[#pprint-newline]]
----
===(_pprint-newline_ kind & more)===
Print a conditional newline to a pretty printing stream. kind specifies if the 
newline is :linear, :miser, :fill, or :mandatory. 

Optionally, a second argument which is a stream may be used. If supplied, that is 
the writer to which the newline is sent, otherwise *out* is used.

If the requested stream is not a PrettyWriter, this function does nothing.
[[#pprint-reader-macro]]
----
===(_pprint-reader-macro_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-ref]]
----
===(_pprint-ref_ writer ref)===
[[#pprint-set]]
----
===(_pprint-set_)===
[[#pprint-simple-code-list]]
----
===(_pprint-simple-code-list_ writer alis)===
[[#pprint-simple-list]]
----
===(_pprint-simple-list_)===
[[#pprint-tab]]
----
===(_pprint-tab_ kind colnum colinc & more)===
Tab at this point in the pretty printing stream. kind specifies whether the tab
is :line, :section, :line-relative, or :section-relative. 

Colnum and colinc specify the target column and the increment to move the target
forward if the output is already past the original target.

Optionally, a fourth argument which is a stream may be used. If supplied, that is 
the writer indented, otherwise *out* is used.

If the requested stream is not a PrettyWriter, this function does nothing.

THIS FUNCTION IS NOT YET IMPLEMENTED.
[[#pprint-vector]]
----
===(_pprint-vector_)===
[[#pretty-writer]]
----
===(_pretty-writer_ writer)===
[[#pretty-writer?]]
----
===(_pretty-writer?_ x)===
[[#reader-macros]]
----
===(_reader-macros_)===
[[#set-pprint-dispatch]]
----
===(_set-pprint-dispatch_ table)===
Set the pretty print dispatch table to TABLE. Currently the supported values are
*simple-dispatch* or *code-dispatch*. In the future, this will support custom tables.
[[#test-format__2998__auto__]]
----
===(_test-format__2998__auto___)===
[[#two-forms]]
----
===(_two-forms_ amap)===
[[#with-pprint-dispatch]]
----
===(_with-pprint-dispatch_ table & body)===
====Macro====
Execute body with the pretty print dispatch table bound to table.
[[#write]]
----
===(_write_ object & kw-args)===
Write an object subject to the current bindings of the printer control variables.
Use the options argument to override individual variables for this call (and any 
recursive calls). Returns the string result if :stream is nil or nil otherwise.
