#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.accumulators

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.accumulators=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#acc-tuple]]
----
===(_acc-tuple_)===
[[#add]]
----
===(_add_ acc item)===
Add item to the accumulator acc. The exact meaning of adding an
   an item depends on the type of the accumulator.
[[#add-items]]
----
===(_add-items_ acc items)===
Add all elements of a collection coll to the accumulator acc.
[[#combine]]
----
===(_combine_ & accs)===
Combine the values of the accumulators acc1 and acc2 into a
   single accumulator of the same type.
[[#counter]]
----
===(_counter_)===
[[#counter-with-total]]
----
===(_counter-with-total_)===
[[#empty-counter]]
----
===(_empty-counter_)===
An empty counter accumulator. Its value is a map that stores for
   every item the number of times it was added.
[[#empty-counter-with-total]]
----
===(_empty-counter-with-total_)===
An empty counter-with-total accumulator. It works like the counter
   accumulator, except that the total number of items added is stored as the
   value of the key :total.
[[#empty-list]]
----
===(_empty-list_)===
An empty list accumulator. Adding an item appends it at the beginning.
[[#empty-map]]
----
===(_empty-map_)===
An empty map accumulator. Items to be added must be [key value] pairs.
[[#empty-maximum]]
----
===(_empty-maximum_)===
An empty maximum accumulator. Only numbers can be added.
[[#empty-min-max]]
----
===(_empty-min-max_)===
An empty min-max accumulator, combining minimum and maximum.
   Only numbers can be added.
[[#empty-minimum]]
----
===(_empty-minimum_)===
An empty minimum accumulator. Only numbers can be added.
[[#empty-product]]
----
===(_empty-product_)===
An empty sum accumulator. Only numbers can be added.
[[#empty-queue]]
----
===(_empty-queue_)===
An empty queue accumulator. Adding an item appends it at the end.
[[#empty-set]]
----
===(_empty-set_)===
An empty set accumulator.
[[#empty-string]]
----
===(_empty-string_)===
An empty string accumulator. Adding an item (string or character)
   appends it at the end.
[[#empty-sum]]
----
===(_empty-sum_)===
An empty sum accumulator. Only numbers can be added.
[[#empty-tuple]]
----
===(_empty-tuple_ empty-accumulators)===
Returns an accumulator tuple with the supplied empty-accumulators
   as its value. Accumulator tuples consist of several accumulators that
   work in parallel. Added items must be sequences whose number of elements
   matches the number of sub-accumulators.
[[#empty-vector]]
----
===(_empty-vector_)===
An empty vector accumulator. Adding an item appends it at the end.
[[#maximum]]
----
===(_maximum_)===
[[#min-max]]
----
===(_min-max_)===
[[#minimum]]
----
===(_minimum_)===
[[#product]]
----
===(_product_)===
[[#sum]]
----
===(_sum_)===
