#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.datalog.magic

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.datalog.magic=
==Public Variables and Functions==
[[#adorn-query]]
----
===(_adorn-query_ q)===
Adorn a query
[[#adorn-rules-set]]
----
===(_adorn-rules-set_ rs q)===
Adorns the given rules-set for the given query.  (rs) is a
   rules-set, (q) is an adorned query.
[[#build-partial-tuple]]
----
===(_build-partial-tuple_ q bindings)===
Given a query and a set of bindings, build a partial tuple needed
   to extract the relation from the database.
[[#magic-transform]]
----
===(_magic-transform_ rs)===
===(_magic-transform_ rs i-preds)===
Return a magic transformation of an adorned rules-set (rs).  The
   (i-preds) are the predicates of the intension database.  These
   default to the predicates within the rules-set.
[[#seed-predicate-for-insertion]]
----
===(_seed-predicate-for-insertion_ q)===
Given a query, return the predicate to use for database insertion.
[[#seed-relation]]
----
===(_seed-relation_ q)===
Given a magic form of a query, give back the literal form of its seed
   relation
[[#seed-rule]]
----
===(_seed-rule_ q)===
Given an adorned query, give back its seed rule
