#summary An api-out of the API of clojure.contrib.math

<wiki:comment>
This document was auto-generated from the clojure.contrib source by contrib-autodoc.
To report errors or ask questions about the overall documentation structure, formatting,
etc., contact Tom Faulhaber (google mail name: tomfaulhaber).
For errors in the documentation of a particular namespace, contact the author of that
namespace.
</wiki:comment>
=API for clojure.contrib.math=
==Public Variables and Functions==
----
===(_abs_ n)===
(abs n) is the absolute value of n
----
===(_ceil_ n)===
(ceil n) returns the least integer greater than or equal to n.
If n is an exact number, ceil returns an integer, otherwise a double.
----
===(_exact-integer-sqrt_ n)===
(exact-integer-sqrt n) expects a non-negative integer n, and returns [s r] where n = s^2+r and n < (s+1)^2.  In other words, it returns the floor of the square root and the 'remainder'.
For example, (exact-integer-sqrt 15) is [3 6] because 15 = 3^2+6.
----
===(_expt_ base pow)===
(expt base pow) is base to the pow power.
Returns an exact number if the base is an exact number and the power is an integer, otherwise returns a double.
----
===(_floor_ n)===
(floor n) returns the greatest integer less than or equal to n.
If n is an exact number, floor returns an integer, otherwise a double.
----
===(_gcd_ a b)===
(gcd a b) returns the greatest common divisor of a and b
----
===(_lcm_ a b)===
(lcm a b) returns the least common multiple of a and b
----
===(_round_ n)===
(round n) rounds to the nearest integer.
round always returns an integer.  Rounds up for values exactly in between two integers.
----
===(_sqrt_ n)===
Square root, but returns exact number if possible.
